---
title:  Blockchain system for natural language processing
uspto-canonical-id-label: Patent
uspto-patent-number: US-10984913-B2
inventor: Shah N. Shahid
owner-current-assignee: INTELLECTUAL FRONTIERS LLC
patent-owners-rights: 
territorial-scope: US
uspto-patent-family-members-publication-numbers:
application-date: 
issue-date: 
expiry-date: 
patent-status: Active
url: "/ip/blockchain-system-for-natural-language-processing"
uspto-patent-pdf:
uspto-patent-url:
thumbnail: 
uspto-patent-citation-label: 
forward-citations: 
backward-citations:
abstract-of-the-invention-label: 
abstract-of-the-invention: 
problem-solved-by-the-invention:
topics: 
images: 
image: "/images/no-image.jpg"
external-links: https://patents.google.com/patent/US10984913B2/
downloadable-documents: 
  - anchor_text: Download PDF
    link_url: 
  - anchor_text: Download Claim Summaries
    link_url: 
---

<div class="center-elements"> 

![Figure 001](/images/patents/us10984913b2-image-001.png)
![Figure 002](/images/patents/us10984913b2-image-002.png)

</div>

### Abstract

A blockchain configured system includes a router and a blockchain
configured record bank. The router collects data and converts it in a
format in accordance with a defined standard. The blockchain configured
record bank can include or be coupled to a data repository. The
blockchain configured record bank can be configured to be coupled to the
data provider through the router over a communication network. The
blockchain configured record bank stores the data received from the data
provider and can be accessible or searchable from within or outside the
blockchain configured record bank. The blockchain configured record bank
can be coupled to or include a data logging unit that maintains metadata
associated with the data and configured to facilitate natural language
processing capabilities. The router and the blockchain configured record
bank may be coupled to machine learning system, metadata validation
system, and master data validation system.

### Images (11)

<div class="center-elements">

<div id="fig01">

![Figure 01](/images/patents/us10984913b2-image-01.png)
**Figure 01**

</div>

<div id="fig1">

![Figure 1](/images/patents/us10984913b2-image-1.png)
**Figure 1**

</div>

<div id="fig2">

![Figure 2](/images/patents/us10984913b2-image-2.png)
**Figure 2**

</div>

<div id="fig3">

![Figure 3](/images/patents/us10984913b2-image-3.png)
**Figure 3**

</div>

<div id="fig4">

![Figure 4](/images/patents/us10984913b2-image-4.png)
**Figure 4**

</div>

<div id="fig5">

![Figure 5](/images/patents/us10984913b2-image-5.png)
**Figure 5**

</div>

<div id="fig6">

![Figure 6](/images/patents/us10984913b2-image-6.png)
**Figure 6**

</div>

<div id="fig7">

![Figure 7](/images/patents/us10984913b2-image-7.png)
**Figure 7**

</div>

<div id="fig8">

![Figure 8](/images/patents/us10984913b2-image-8.png)
**Figure 8**

</div>

<div id="fig9">

![Figure 9](/images/patents/us10984913b2-image-9.png)
**Figure 9**

</div>

<div id="fig10">

![Figure 10](/images/patents/us10984913b2-image-10.png)
**Figure 10**

</div>

</div>


### Description

CROSS-REFERENCE TO RELATED APPLICATIONS

This application is a continuation-in-part of U.S. patent application
Ser. No. 13/457,782 filed on Apr. 27, 2012, the complete disclosure of
which, in its entirety, is herein incorporated by reference.

### <span style="font-size:20px">BACKGROUND</span>

Technical Field

The embodiments herein generally relate to blockchain systems, and more
particularly, to blockchain systems used with natural language
processing systems.

Description of the Related Art

Hospitals, caretakers, nursing centers or homes, medical offices,
medical centers, or other sources of medical care generally keep medical
and demographic or other such records of their patients. These records
may include a variety of information such as demographic information of
their patients, medical history, diagnostic and pathology reports of
their patients, medical reports or prescriptions, or other such
information. This information can be used for a variety of purposes by
these sources of medical care. A few examples of them are, without
limitations, tracking of the patients and their records, billing,
historical assessments, future care taking, proper ongoing medical or
health assessment or treatment, or any other similar purpose.

The medical sources may require collecting data from several sources to
be stored in a central repository. The data obtained from these varied
sources may exist in different digital formats and may not be
standardized in accordance with a defined format. This may cause
difficulty in handling of the data by the medical sources resulting in
mismanagement, data leakage, data loss, data asynchronization, or any
other such loss.

Additionally, searching the data or a specific portion of the data may
be difficult in cases where the data exists in a non-standardized
manner. Particularly, searching for the data from within the metadata
may be extremely difficult from within the medical source or from
outside.

In light of the above, there is a need of a system configured to
retrieve data from varied medical sources and convert it in a
standardized digital format before storing into a data bank of a medical
source. There is also a need of a system configured to provide a natural
language capability operable on the metadata and master data and
allowing indexing and searching from within the medical source or from
outside possible and easy and also provide appliances to syndicate the
standardized data at distributed locations physically.

### <span style="font-size:20px">SUMMARY</span>

An embodiment herein provides a blockchain configured geographically
distributed architecture-based system connected over a communication
network for transforming unstructured or semi-structured dataset to
structured computerized dataset for a blockchain configured records
database communicatively coupled to a plurality of blockchain configured
content based routers receiving the unstructured or semi-structured
dataset from a plurality of data provider computers in a
blockchain-enabled network. The system includes a first proxy database,
stored on a first tangible non-transitory computer readable medium and
comprising a first special purpose processing device implemented on a
first integrated circuit chip. The first proxy device is configured to
create a backup of data associated with a first data provider computer,
wherein the data associated with the first data provider computer is in
a first digital format. The first proxy device is configured to
communicate with the first data provider computer for backing up the
data associated with the first data provider computer, through a first
proxy object, wherein the first proxy object comprises one or more
references to the first proxy database to establish a connection between
the first data provider computer and the first proxy database through
one or more database drivers. The system includes a blockchain
configured first content based router of the plurality of blockchain
configured content based routers, comprising a second special purpose
processing device implemented on a second integrated circuit chip,
configured to collect the data associated with the first data provider
computer from the first proxy database and convert the data associated
with the first data provider computer to the structured computerized
dataset in accordance with a standardized digital format of dataset
associated with the blockchain configured records database. The
blockchain configured first content based router is physically located
at a gateway associated with the first data provider computer providing
a first digital data access point of the distributed blockchain
configured records database to the first data provider computer. The
system includes the blockchain configured records database stored on a
third tangible non-transitory computer readable medium and including a
fifth special purpose processing device implemented on a fifth
integrated circuit chip to store and index the structured computerized
dataset in the standardized digital format, and providing a plurality of
distributed digital data access points including the first digital data
access point communicatively connecting with the first data provider
computer through the distributed first digital data access point of the
plurality of distributed digital data access points. The system includes
a master data validation system communicatively and operatively coupled
to the blockchain configured first content based router and the
blockchain configured records database and including a master data
repository to store master data instances in the standardized digital
format on a tangible non-transitory memory device. The system includes a
metadata validation system different and separately located from the
master data validation system and communicatively and operatively
coupled to the blockchain configured first content based router, the
blockchain configured records database and the master data validation
system, and configured to store linkable metadata layer objects in a
metadata layer repository and digitally link the metadata layer objects
by storing an identifier to a source content residing in the blockchain
configured records database. The blockchain configured first content
based router is connected to a machine learning system communicatively
coupled with the blockchain configured records database. The machine
learning system includes internal extensible taxonomies built in a
computerized format based on the structured computerized dataset in the
blockchain configured records database. The internal extensible
taxonomies are defined through a computerized category profile wherein
the computerized category profile includes digitally stored parent terms
and digitally stored child terms and associated digital identifiers
indicative of the respective digitally stored parent terms, digitally
stored child terms and pointers indicating mutual connections in a
hierarchical pattern. The machine learning system includes external
taxonomies pulled from external systems not connected with the
blockchain configured records database directly and crawled by accessing
the external systems with the use of a search engine-enabled crawler to
merge with the internal extensible taxonomies digitally by mapping
comparable terms in the external taxonomies with the category profile of
the internal extensible taxonomies. The machine learning system includes
a memory circuit to store the internal extensible taxonomies and the
external taxonomies that are digitally merged with the internal
extensible taxonomies. The machine leaning system includes a semantics
learning appliance comprising a seventh special purpose processing
device implemented on a seventh integrated circuit chip configured to
perform mapping of the inflowing unstructured or semi-structured dataset
with the structured computerized dataset already stored in the
blockchain configured records database and the master data and the
metadata. A dedicated first local machine housed in a material frame is
operatively and communicatively coupled to the first data provider
computer and installed physically behind a firewall and communicatively
connected with the remotely located blockchain configured records
database to transmit said structured computerized dataset at least in
part from said blockchain configured records database to said first data
provider computer through a digital transmission channel based on access
rights and upon identity verification of the first local machine by the
blockchain configured records database.

These and other aspects of the embodiments herein will be better
appreciated and understood when considered in conjunction with the
following description and the accompanying drawings. It should be
understood, however, that the following descriptions, while indicating
preferred embodiments and numerous specific details thereof, are given
by way of illustration and not of limitation. Many changes and
modifications may be made within the scope of the embodiments herein
without departing from the spirit thereof, and the embodiments herein
include all such modifications.

### Claims (13)

What is claimed is:

1. A blockchain configured geographically distributed
architecture-based system connected over a communication network for
transforming an unstructured or semi-structured dataset to a structured
computerized dataset for a blockchain configured records database
communicatively coupled to a plurality of blockchain configured content
based routers receiving said unstructured or semi-structured dataset
from a plurality of data provider computers in a blockchain-enabled
network, said system comprising:

<div style="padding-left:60px">

a first proxy database, stored on a first tangible non-transitory
computer readable medium and comprising a first special purpose
processing device implemented on a first integrated circuit chip,
configured to:

</div>

<div style="padding-left:70px">

create a backup of data associated with a first data provider computer,
wherein said data associated with said first data provider computer is
in a first digital format; and

communicate with said first data provider computer for backing up said
data associated with said first data provider computer, through a first
proxy object, wherein said first proxy object comprises one or more
references to said first proxy database to establish a connection
between said first data provider computer and said first proxy database
through one or more database drivers;
</div>

<div style="padding-left:60px">

a blockchain configured first content based router of said plurality of
blockchain configured content based routers, comprising a second special
purpose processing device implemented on a second integrated circuit
chip, configured to:

</div>

<div style="padding-left:70px">

collect said data associated with said first data provider computer from
said first proxy database; and

convert said data associated with said first data provider computer to
said structured computerized dataset in accordance with a standardized
digital format of datasets associated with said blockchain configured
records database, wherein said blockchain configured first content based
router is physically located at a gateway associated with said first
data provider computer providing a first digital data access point of
said distributed blockchain configured records database to said first
data provider computer;

</div>

<div style="padding-left:65px">

said blockchain configured records database stored on a third tangible
non-transitory computer readable medium and comprising a third special
purpose processing device implemented on a third integrated circuit chip
to store and index said structured computerized dataset in said
standardized digital format of datasets associated with said blockchain
configured records database, and providing a plurality of distributed
digital data access points including said first digital data access
point communicatively connecting with said first data provider computer
through said first digital data access point of said plurality of
distributed digital data access points;

a master data validation system communicatively and operatively coupled
to said blockchain configured first content based router and said
blockchain configured records database and including a master data
repository to store master data instances in said standardized digital
format of datasets associated with said blockchain configured records
database on a tangible non-transitory memory device; and

a metadata validation system that is different and separately located
from said master data validation system and communicatively and
operatively coupled to said blockchain configured first content based
router, and said master data validation system, and configured to store
linkable metadata layer objects in a metadata layer repository and
digitally link said metadata layer objects by storing an identifier to a
source content residing in said blockchain configured records database,

wherein said blockchain configured first content based router is
connected to a machine learning system contained within said blockchain
configured records database, said machine learning system comprising:

</div>

<div style="padding-left:70px">

internal extensible taxonomies built in a computerized format based on
said structured computerized dataset in said blockchain configured
records database, said internal extensible taxonomies are defined
through a computerized category profile wherein said computerized
category profile includes digitally stored parent terms and digitally
stored child terms and associated digital identifiers indicative of said
respective digitally stored parent terms, digitally stored child terms
and pointers indicating mutual connections in a hierarchical pattern,
wherein said internal extensible taxonomies are automatically generated
through machine learning over a period of time, and vs/herein said
machine learning system receives inputs from said master data validation
system and said metadata validation system to build said internal
extensible taxonomies;

external taxonomies pulled from external systems not connected with said
blockchain configured records database directly and crawled by accessing
said external systems with the use of a search engine-enabled crawler to
merge with said internal extensible taxonomies digitally by mapping
comparable terms in said external taxonomies with said category profile
of said internal extensible taxonomies;

a memory circuit to store said internal extensible taxonomies and said
external taxonomies that are digitally merged with said internal
extensible taxonomies; and

a semantics learning appliance comprising a fourth special purpose
processing device implemented on a fourth integrated circuit chip
configured to perform mapping of said inflowing unstructured or
semi-structured dataset with said structured computerized dataset
already stored in said blockchain configured records database and said
master data and said metadata;

wherein a dedicated first local machine housed in a material frame is
operatively and communicatively coupled to said first data provider
computer and installed physically behind a firewall and communicatively
connected with said remotely located blockchain configured records
database to transmit said structured computerized dataset at least in
part from said blockchain configured records database to said first data
provider computer through a digital transmission channel based on access
rights and upon identity verification of said first local machine by
said blockchain configured records database, and wherein said first
local machine comprises:

</div>

<div style="padding-left:80px">

a first agent device configured to gather browser, device, and network
information associated with said data provider computer and transmit
said gathered browser, device, and network information to said
blockchain configured records database for identity verification to
authorize accessing of at least a portion of said structured
computerized dataset stored in said blockchain configured records
database, and

a first contextual sensor fitted proximate to said first data provider
computer physically for gathering contextual information about said
first data provider computer and transmitting said contextual
information to said blockchain configured records database for further
identity verification to authorize accessing of said at least a portion
of said structured dataset stored in said blockchain configured records
database, wherein said first contextual sensor comprises a Global
Positioning System-based (GPS-based) device configured to sense
geo-spatial information indicative of location coordinates and transmit
said sensed geo-spatial information to said blockchain configured
records database for verification of identity, of said first data
provider computer.

</div>

<div style="padding-left:65px;color:grey">

2. The system of claim 1, wherein said one or more database drivers
comprising a Java Database Connectivity and Open Database Connectivity
(JDBC-ODBC) Driver.

3. The system of claim 1, wherein said first blockchain configured
content based router comprises an HL7 content based router that collects
said data from said first proxy database.

4. The system of claim 1, wherein said master data validation system
further comprising:

a master data validation interface configured as a role-based graphical
user interface (GUI) to allow user access to said master data;

</div>

<div style="padding-left:75px;color:grey">

a parameter store module to provide an adaptive extensible framework for
unified master data across entire multiple data repositories associated
with said blockchain configured records database and control information
that specifies behavior of master data validation processes and data
representation using a set of predefined rules and guidelines;

an abstraction layer configured as an application programming interface
(API) that enables other systems to access and manipulate said master
data in a defined way; and

a data integration appliance including specialized hardware and software
components for computerized data extraction, transformation and
ingestion into said master data repository.

</div>

<div style="padding-left:65px;color:grey">

5. The system of claim 1, wherein said metadata validation system
further comprising:

</div>

<div style="padding-left:120px;color:grey">

a metadata layer repository configured to store linkable metadata layer
objects;

a metadata authentication and validation device to store rights policies
that specify different access levels and restrictions for different
users who attempt to access said metadata layer object; and

a server to host components and support systems for enabling
technological infrastructure of said metadata validation system.
</div>

<div style="padding-left:65px;color:grey">

6. The system of claim 1, wherein said machine learning system further
comprises machine learning models stored within said memory circuit for
enabling interpretation of said unstructured and semi-structured dataset
and its components by said mapping by said semantics learning appliance.

7. The system of claim 1, wherein said machine learning models comprise
one or more of a probabilistic model, semantic model, language cue
models, statistical models, extrapolation models, mathematical models,
and analytical models.

8. The system of claim 1, wherein said search engine-enabled crawler is
configured to fetch said external taxonomies or portions thereof into
said machine learning system automatically, said search engine-enabled
crawler including or be coupled to a search engine to run periodic
searches to find relevant taxonomies externally for computerized
contextual mapping, computerized categorizing, and computerized
transformation of said unstructured or semi-structured dataset into said
structured computerized dataset.

9. The system of claim 1, wherein said master data validation system is
configured to create a computerized unified view of enterprise data
specifying each instance of a business element through digital
identifiers.

10. The system of claim 1, wherein said semantics learning appliance is
further configured to:

</div>

<div style="padding-left:120px;color:grey">

interpret machine learning models stored in said memory circuit;

map, element-by-element and field-by-field, said inflowing unstructured
or semi-structured dataset from said plurality of data provider
computers with said structured computerized dataset already generated
and structured by said machine learning system and stored in said
blockchain configured records database to identify closest possible
'fields' and 'elements' from said structured computerized dataset stored
in said blockchain configured records database that resemble said
'fields' and said 'elements' of said inflowing unstructured and
semi-structured dataset;

reference to metadata and master data stored in said metadata validation
system and said master data validation system; and

map said referenced data within said master data validation system and
said metadata validation system with said inflowing unstructured or
semi-structured dataset to identify closest possible 'fields' and
'elements' of said referenced data in-context that resemble said
'fields' and said 'elements' of said inflowing data.
</div>

<div style="padding-left:65px;color:grey">

11. The system of claim 1, wherein said blockchain configured records
database comprising a validation appliance configured to compare said
browser, device, network, and contextual information transmitted by said
first sensor and said first agent device with pre-stored identity
information of said first data provider computer to verify said identity
of said first data provider computer and allow access to said at least a
portion of said structured computerized dataset upon verification
through said first blockchain configured access point connected with
said blockchain configured records database in a distributed facility.

12. The system of claim 1, further comprising:

</div>

<div style="padding-left:120px;color:grey">

a second proxy database, stored on a second tangible non-transitory
computer readable medium and comprising a fifth special purpose
processing device implemented on a fifth integrated circuit chip,
configured to:

</div>

<div style="padding-left:130px;color:grey">

create a backup of data associated with a second data provider computer,
wherein said data associated with said second data provider computer is
in a second digital format which is different from said first digital
format; and

communicate with said second data provider computer for backing up said
data associated with said second data provider computer, through a
second proxy object, wherein said second proxy object comprises a second
reference to said second proxy database to establish a second connection
between said second data provider computer and said second proxy
database through a second database driver; and

a blockchain configured second content based router comprising a fourth
sixth special purpose processing device implemented on a sixth
integrated circuit chip, configured to:

</div>

<div style="padding-left:120px;color:grey">

collect said data associated with said second data provider computer
from said second proxy database; and
convert said data associated with said second data provider computer to
said structured computerized dataset in accordance with said
standardized digital format of datasets associated with said blockchain
configured records database, wherein said blockchain configured second
content based router is physically located at a gateway associated with
said second data provider computer providing a second digital access
point of said distributed blockchain configured records database to said
second data provider computer.

</div>

<div style="padding-left:65px;color:grey">

13. The system of claim 1, wherein said semantics learning appliance is
further configured to:

</div>

<div style="padding-left:120px;color:grey">

process rules and instructions stored in said memory circuit for
language and text mapping of said inflowing unstructured or
semi-structured dataset at digital fields and digital elements level,
wherein said digital fields represent a digitally stored data header
identifier in a computer-controlled data structure and said digital
elements represent a plurality of digital data objects within said
respective digital fields including pointers that connect said digital
data objects to said respective digital fields;

transform said inflowing unstructured or semi-structured dataset to said
fully structured computerized dataset based on said mapping of said
fields and said elements of said inflowing unstructured or
semi-structured dataset with said computerized structured dataset
already stored in said blockchain configured records database and said
master data and said metadata; and

utilize said internal extensible taxonomies and said external taxonomies
to classify said inflowing unstructured or semi-structured dataset and
store said inflowing unstructured or semi-structured dataset in relevant
taxonomy classes in said blockchain configured records database after
said transformation to said structured computerized dataset.

</div>

### <span style="font-size:20px">BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS </span>

The embodiments herein will be better understood from the following
detailed description with reference to the drawings, in which:

<a href="./#fig1">
FIG. 1 is a schematic diagram illustrating a high-level system architecture according to an embodiment herein.
</a>
<br>
<br>
<a href="./#fig2">FIG. 2 is a schematic diagram illustrating a functional overview of the system architecture of FIG. 1 according to an embodiment herein;
</a>
<br>
<br>
<a href="./#fig3">FIG. 3 is a flow chart illustrating a method of creating natural language-based data processing capabilities from metadata facilitated by proxy database drivers according to an embodiment herein;
</a>
<br>
<br>
<a href="./#fig4">FIG. 4 is a schematic diagram illustrating a high-level system architecture with a record bank communicatively coupled to a master data validation system and a metadata validation system according to an embodiment herein;
</a>
<br>
<br>
<a href="./#fig5">FIG. 5 illustrates a detailed architecture diagram of the master data validation system according to an embodiment herein;
</a>
<br>
<br>
<a href="./#fig6">FIG. 6 illustrates a detailed architecture diagram of the metadata validation system according to an embodiment herein;
</a>
<br>
<br>
<a href="./#fig7">FIG. 7 illustrates a diagram of a machine learning system according to an embodiment herein;
</a>
<br>
<br>
<a href="./#fig8">FIG. 8 illustrates a local hardware-based device associated with a clinical data provider computer to allow access, retrieval, and syndication of a portion of structured dataset locally according to an embodiment herein;
</a>
<br>
<br>
<a href="./#fig9">FIG. 9 illustrates a blockchain-configured ecosystem according to an embodiment herein;
</a>
<br>
<br>
<a href="./#fig10">FIG. 10 is a schematic diagram illustrating a computer system according to an embodiment herein.
</a>

### <span style="font-size:20px">DETAILED DESCRIPTION </span>

The embodiments herein and the various features and advantageous details
thereof are explained more fully with reference to the non-limiting
embodiments that are illustrated in the accompanying drawings and
detailed in the following description. Descriptions of well-known
components and are omitted so as to not unnecessarily obscure the
embodiments herein. The examples used herein are intended merely to
facilitate an understanding of ways in which the embodiments herein may
be practiced and to further enable those of skill in the art to practice
the embodiments herein. Accordingly, the examples should not be
construed as limiting the scope of the embodiments herein.

In the following detailed description, reference is made to the
accompanying drawings that form a part hereof, and these are shown by
way of illustrating specific embodiments herein that may be practiced.
These embodiments, which are also referred to herein as "examples," are
described in sufficient detail to enable those skilled in the art to
practice the embodiments herein, and it is to be understood that the
embodiments may be combined, or that other embodiments may be utilized
and that structural, logical, and electrical changes may be made without
departing from the scope of the embodiments herein.

In this document, the terms "a" or "an" are used, as is common in patent
documents, to include one or more than one. In this document, the term
"or" is used to refer to a "nonexclusive or" unless otherwise indicated.

In an exemplary embodiment, the various modules described herein and
illustrated in the figures are embodied as hardware-enabled modules and
may be configured as a plurality of overlapping or independent
electronic circuits, devices, and discrete elements packaged onto a
circuit board to provide data and signal processing functionality within
a computer. An example might be a comparator, inverter, or flip-flop,
which could include a plurality of transistors and other supporting
devices and circuit elements. The modules that are configured with
electronic circuits process computer logic instructions capable of
providing digital and/or analog signals for performing various functions
as described herein. The various functions can further be embodied and
physically saved as any of data structures, data paths, data objects,
data object models, object files, database components. For example, the
data objects could be configured as a digital packet of structured data.
The data structures could be configured as any of an array, tuple, snap,
union, variant, set, graph, tree, node, and an object, which may be
stored and retrieved by computer memory and may be managed by
processors, compilers, and other computer hardware components. The data
paths can be configured as part f a computer CPU that performs
operations and calculations as instructed by the computer logic
instructions instructions. The data paths could include digital
electronic circuits, multipliers, registers, and buses capable of
performing data processing operations and arithmetic operations (e.g.,
Add, Subtract, etc.), bitwise logical operations (AND, OR, XOR, etc.),
bit shift operations (e.g., arithmetic, logical, rotate, etc.), complex
operations (e.g., using single clock calculations, sequential
calculations, iterative calculations, etc.). The data objects may be
configured as physical locations in computer memory and can be a
variable, a data structure, or a function. In the embodiments configured
as relational databases (e.g., such Oracle® relational databases), the
data objects can be configured as a table or column. Other
configurations include specialized objects, distributed objects, object
oriented programming objects, and semantic web objects, for example. The
data object models can be configured as an application programming
interface for creating HyperText Markup Language (HTML) and Extensible
Markup Language (XML) electronic documents. The models can be further
configured as any of a tree, graph, container, list, map, queue, set,
stack, and variations thereof. The data object files are created by
compilers and assemblers and contain generated binary code and data for
a source file. The database components can include airy of tables,
indexes, views, stored procedures, and triggers.

The embodiments herein provide a system and method of transformation of
unstructured and semi-structured data into structured data by creating
metadata and master data-based natural language processing capabilities
involving machine learning tools and systems. Referring now to the
drawings, and more particularly to FIGS. 1 through 4, where similar
reference characters denote corresponding features consistently
throughout the figures, there are shown preferred embodiments.

FIG. 1 illustrates generally, but not by the way of limitation, among
other things, an example of a high level system
architecture **100** according to an embodiment herein. The
architecture **100** can include a records database **126** to store
health records coming from a variety of sources such as from a plurality
of clinical data providers through an HLR Content Based Router
(CBR) **108**. The records database is also configured to manage
metadata and master data information associated with the health records.
The records database **126** can be configured to create natural
language data processing capabilities in accordance with the defined
metadata and master data information over a communication
network **128**.

In particular, as shown in FIG. 1, a plurality of clinical data
providers **102**, **124** and a social network platform **130** can be
sources of health records. The clinical data provider **102** for
example can be a hospital, a clinic, a medical organization, a
physician\'s office, etc. As shown in FIG. 1, the clinical data
provider **102** can include internal systems (which can, for example,
include database or possess data storage capabilities). The clinical
data provider **102** can be configured to interact with a proxy
database **104** to backup the data related to the clinical data
provider **102**. The clinical data provider **102** can backup the data
on the proxy database **104** through the one or more proxy
objects **106**. The one or more proxy objects **106** may include
references to the proxy database **104** to establish a connection
between the clinical data provider **102** and the proxy
database **104** through the database drivers. These database drivers
are explained in more detail in conjunction with FIG. 2. The data
described herein can be for example, but is not limited to, doctor\'s
visits, lab tests, hospital stays, clinical trials, patient problems,
patient health information, patient habits, patient medical history,
patient appointments, patient medical insurance, patient medical bills
and related status, or any other data.

A Health Level 7 (HL7) Content Based Router (CBR) **108** configured as
a hardware appliance can be employed that is associated with a database
or data storage facility or capability, and can include a local internal
interface to handle direct links such
as **110**, **112**, **114**, **116**, **118**, **120**, or **122** to
communicate with other nodes such as the clinical data
providers **102**, and **124**, and the records database **126** over
the communication network **128**. In an example, the HL7
CBR **108** can be situated at a gateway of the sources of health
records such as the clinical data providers **102**, **124**, the
network platform **130**; and/or the records database **126** to
communicate among each other over the communication network **128**. In
some embodiments, several HL7 CBRs similar to the HL7 CBR **108** can be
situated at more than one or each of the gateways. For example, three
such HL7 CBRs **108** are shown in the FIG. 1. In an example, a
respective HL7 CBR **108** can be configured to be situated at the
clinical data providers **102**, **124** endpoints, the network
platform **130** endpoints, or the records database **126** endpoints to
communicate amongst each other over the communication network **128**.
In some embodiments, only one common HL7 CBR **108** may be configured
at the endpoint or gateway of the records database **126**, such that
the records database **126** can exchange, integrate, share, receive or
provide data to or from the nodes such as the one or more clinical data
providers **102**, **124**, or the social network platform **130**, or
any other node. The CBR **108** may be managed, operated, and controlled
by the records database **126**, in an embodiment, and may be located
proximate the records database **126** and remote from the clinical data
providers **102**, **124**,**130**. The HL7 CBR **108** can be
configured to collect data from the one or more proxy databases such as
the proxy database **104** and **132**. The HL7 CBR **108** can be
configured to convert the data in a common digital format such as in
accordance with the HL7 standard such that the data within the
communication network **128** between the HL7 CBR **108** may comply
with the common digital format and is validated according to a single
standard or mechanism such as the HL7 standard. The HL7 standard
described herein may provide a framework for the exchange, integration,
sharing, or retrieval of health information from or to the records
database **126**. In an example, the HL7 standard can also be used to
refer to some of the specific standards such as HL7 v2.x, v3.0, HL7
Reference Information Model (RIM), etc. created by the organization such
as the clinical data providers **102** and **124**, the social network
platform **130**, or the records database **126**.

In an example, the clinical data provider **102** may interact with
other clinical data provider **124** through the HL7 CBR **108** via the
records database **126** or without records database **126** to exchange
data amongst each other. The clinical data provider **124** described
herein can be configured to include a proxy database **132** to backup
clinical data associated with the clinical data provider **124**. The
clinical data provider **124** can be configured to include one or more
proxy objects **134** to backup data on the proxy database **132**. The
one or more proxy objects **134** described herein may include
references to the proxy database **132** to establish a connection among
the clinical data provider **124** and the proxy
database **132** through the database drivers. The proxy
database **132** can be configured to interact with the HL7
CBR **108** through the direct links such
as **114**, **116**, **118**, **120**, **122**, **136**, or **138** to
communicate with other nodes such as other content service
providers **102**, and the records database **126** over the
communication network **128**.

The communication network **128** described herein can be configured to
provide a communicative interconnection of various nodes such as the
clinical data providers **102**, **124**, the records database **126**,
the social network platform **130**, or any other node in the
communication network **128**. The communication network **128** can be
configured to facilitate the various nodes to exchange, integrate,
share, receive or provide data among each other, in accordance with the
HL7 standard facilitated by the respective HL7 CBR **108** (may be
configured at the endpoint or at the gateway of the organization). The
communication network **128** may be a wireless communications network
or a wire line communications network. The wireless communications
network may be for example, but not limited to, a digital cellular
network, such as Global System for Mobile Telecommunications (GSM)
network, Personal Communication System (PCS) network, or any other
wireless communications network. The wire line communications network
may be for example, but not limited to, a Public Switched Telephone
Network (PSTN), proprietary local and long distance communications
network, or any other wire line communications network. One or more
networks may be included in the communication network **128** and may
include both public networks such as the Internet, and private networks
and may utilize any networking technology and protocol, such as
Ethernet, Token Ring, Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol
(TCP/IP), or the like to allow interaction among various nodes such as
the clinical data providers **102**, **124**, the records
database **126**, the social network platform **130**, or any other node
in the network. In an embodiment, the social networking
platform **130** may generate a variety of data coming from various
aggregators and user profiles comprising of a plurality of digital
formats wherein each digital format may be associated with a specific
structure different from other digital formats. The data originating
from the social networking platform **130** may require complex mapping
of fields and elements for transformation to a unified structure as per
records database **126** requirements. The social networking
platform **130** may host information related to one or more clinical
data providers of the type of **104** and **124**. For example, the
social networking platform may host social profiles of the clinical data
providers where they may store and update their personal, professional
or other such details or may communicate in a social network with
friends, relatives, family members, or other such networking contacts
about healthcare information or patient or medical device generated
information, in an example. The social networking platform **130** may
be defined as a network with an arbitrary large number of networked
computers accessing the social network **130** through registered social
profiles of such as clinical data providers. The social networking
platform **130** may facilitate posting and sharing online profiles,
data, clinical reviews, patient generated data, device generated data,
IoT data, sensors data etc, simultaneously viewable by each of the
arbitrary large number of computers including such as a clinical
provider computer, reviewer\'s computer, third party\'s computer,
patient\'s computer, and the like.

In an example, where a single and common HL7 CBR **108** may be provided
at the gateway of the records database **126**, the communication
network **128** may be configured to translate or convert the data at
the common HL7 CBR **108** to exchange, integrate, share, receive, or
provide data to or from the various nodes connected with the
communication network **128** using various machine learning, metadata
and master data validation systems as will be discussed later in the
document. The common HL7 CBR **108** may comply with the common digital
data format and may be validated according to the single standard or
mechanism such as the HL7 standard, for example when information first
enters the records database **126**.

The records database **126**, described herein, may be centralized or
decentralized or may be blockchain configured to allow access of the
records database **126** through a distributed blockchain configured
network as discussed later in conjunction with FIG. 9. In embodiments,
the records database **126**, and various content based
routers **108** may be blockchain configured. The blockchain configured
records database **126** and associated components, also referred to as
a "smart contract based distributed integrity network", may not require
a centralized health information exchange (HIE) operator because all
participants may have access to distributed ledgers to maintain a secure
exchange without broken trusts. This allows disintermediation by
removing human participants from a chain of the participants such as the
clinical data providers **102** and **124** and networks **130**.
Additionally, the health records are distributed across a plurality of
storage locations in the blockchain accessible by the participants
simultaneously and allowing to make updates almost in real time. The
blockchain configured ecosystem provides a secured, disintermediated and
distributed framework to amplify and support integration of healthcare
information across a range of uses and stakeholders defined by the
entities. The blockchain configured digital ecosystem, also referred to
as a smart contract based distributed integrity network, facilitates a
secured and distributed framework for patient digital identities to
allow access to body worn personally connected health devices, connected
health devices at home and other facilities, storage devices and servers
hosting the medical records and the like, with the use of private and
public keys secured through cryptography and thus protecting identity by
allowing a restricted access to a particular clinical provider in
accordance with dynamic rules and policies along with strong identity
validation mechanisms using blockchain configured validation devices
across the integrity network. The distributed nature of the blockchain
configured digital ecosystem enables shared data which provides near
real-time updates across a network accessible to all authorized entities
without the need for a centralized authority or exchange.

The records database **126** may store the data provided by the
plurality of clinical data providers and associated computers and
networks in an electronic healthcare (EHR) repository **140**, a Health
Information Exchange (HIE) repository **142**, a Virtual Medical Records
(VMR) repository **144**, etc. to store, exchange, integrate, share,
receive, or provide data through the HL7 CBR **108**. The EHR
repository **140** can for example store the data such as electronic
healthcare records. The data can be organized in a way that facilitates
local or remote access and retrieval and indexing in the communication
network **128** through a processing component **146**. In some
embodiments, the processing component **146** may be, but is not limited
to, a microprocessor, a microcontroller, or the equivalent. The
processing component **146** may be capable of executing instructions to
process data over the communications network **128**. The data
corresponding to a particular user may or may not have been derived from
medical testing or treatment (e.g., the data may have been derived from
a research organization trial in which an individual voluntarily
participated or data may have been derived from insurance services or
any other source).

More generally, the records database **126** may also include data
related to different electronic sources such as doctor\'s visits, lab
tests, hospital stays, clinical trials, patient problems, patients\'
health information, patient habits, patient medical history, patient
appointments, patient medical insurance, patient medical bills status,
or any other information. The records database **126** may include or be
coupled to other electronic data stores such as the HIE
repository **142** and the VMR repository **144** to dynamically manage
information related to or from the electronic sources. The HIE
repository **142** may include electronic healthcare information related
to a region, community, or hospital system. In examples, the HIE
repository **142** may provide additional storage, retrieval, and
manipulation of information such that the records database **126** can
dynamically mange EHR data through the HL7 CBR **108**. The VMR
repository **144** described herein may store data related to the
electronic medical information or other sources. The virtual medical
records, described herein, may be a simplified, standardized electronic
health record data designed to support interfacing to the records
database **126**. The records database **126** may include or be coupled
to a data logging unit **148**. The data logging unit **148** can be
configured to receive the data from the proxy
databases **106** and **134** through the HL7 CBR **108**. The HL7
CBR **108** can be configured to translate or convert the data moving to
or coming from the proxy database such as **106** or **134**. Natural
Language Processing (NLP) capabilities can be created, in accordance
with metadata learned from the database drivers. Additional details
about the data logging unit **148** are provided in conjunction
with FIG. 2 and described below. The data logging unit **148**, in an
embodiment, may include various machine learning, master data and
metadata validation systems that may facilitate transformation and
standardization of unstructured or semi-structured data (also referred
to as dataset interchangeably) coming from the clinical data providers
and networks **124**, **104**, and **130**. In an embodiment, multiple
data logging units similar to the data logging unit **148** may be
integrated within each of the CBR **108** so that each CBR **108** can
perform entire standardization, transformation, and data logging tasks
using various machine learning, metadata validation and master data
validation systems. In an embodiment, a single data logging unit similar
to the data logging unit **148** may be deployed and integrated or
coupled with the records database **126** and operatively and/or
communicatively coupled to the CBR **108** so as the CBR **108** to
utilize inputs from the records database **126** and the associated data
logging unit **148** to perform transformation and standardization
tasks.

The description provided above includes proxy objects such
as **106** and **134**, and proxy databases such as **104** and **132**,
in accordance with some examples, however, it should be appreciated that
there can be other techniques used by those skilled in the art that can
be embodied without using proxy objects and the proxy databases.

FIG. 2, with reference to FIG. 1, illustrates generally, but not by the
way of limitation, among other things, a functional overview of the
system **200** as described in FIG. 1, in accordance with the
embodiments herein. The clinical data provider **102** can be configured
to backup data on the proxy database **104**. The clinical data
provider **102** can be configured to connect to the proxy
database **104** to backup the data on the proxy database **104**. In an
example, the clinical data provider **102** may not directly connect to
the proxy database **104** to avoid security problems. Therefore, the
clinical data provider **102** can be configured to use the one or more
proxy objects **106** to connect to the proxy database **104**.

The clinical data provider **102** can be configured to establish a
connection to communicate with the proxy database **104**. The clinical
data provider **102** may implement a common set of routines (such as
classes) to connect to the proxy database **104** through proxy
JDBC-ODBC drivers (Java Database Connectivity and Open Database
Connectivity Drivers) **202**. The JDBC-ODBC database
drivers **202** described herein are only for illustrative purposes, and
the embodiments herein are not limited to these types of drivers. In
some embodiments, there may be other database drivers such as MySQL®,
Oracle®, or any other database driver to connect to the proxy
database **104**. In some examples, other drivers or interfaces such as
database interfaces or frameworks may also be employed. The connection
with the proxy database **104** may be established by loading a class of
appropriate proxy JDBC-ODBC drivers **202**. The system **200** can be
configured to allow the clinical data provider **104** to create the one
or more proxy objects **106** whose functions can be mirrored with the
functions of the proxy Java Database Connectivity (JDBC) objects created
on the proxy database **104**. The clinical data provider **102** may
then use these proxy objects **106** to communicate with the proxy
database **104**. This may result in creating a session on the clinical
data provider **102** for each call to a DriverManager.connect( )
object. This object may be the proxy for the actual session object on
the proxy database **104**, used later to execute methods to backup data
and create statements on the proxy database **104**. An example using
such proxy JDBC-ODBC Driver **202** is shown in the code below:

  ```

  // creates a connection object on the proxy databaseConnection
  con=JDBCDriver.connect("jdbc:odbc:Database");//
  Load the proxy database drivers
   Class.forName( "sun.jdbc.odbc.JdbcOdbcDriver") ;
   // Get a connection to the proxy database through the proxy database
   drivers
   Connection con = DriverManager.getConnection(
   "jdbc:odbc:Database");

  ```

In an example, a batch of data may be sent through the clinical data
provider **102** to backup on the proxy database **104**. The call to
the proxy database **104** by the clinical data provider **102** may be
batched for better performance. The batch of statements (such as
including queries to backup the data on the proxy database **104**) may
be sent to the proxy database **104**. The proxy database **104** may
execute the batch of statements in sequence, parallel, or a combination
thereof. In an example, the proxy database **104** may return a result
set such as a unique name of the proxy object **102** (e.g., Connection,
Statement, Prepared Statement etc.) created on the proxy
database **104**. In an example, the proxy database **104** may execute
the batch of statements and return the result set such as a null object.
In an example, one or more exceptions thrown by the proxy
database **104** may be serialized and may be sent to the clinical data
provider **102** (if exceptions occur). If the execution of the
statements results in creating one or more new proxy objects on the
proxy database **104**, then the unique name of the one or more proxy
objects is returned to the clinical data provider **102** (for use to
later connect and backup the data). In an example, the clinical data
provider **102** may override the finalize( ) method, such as the proxy
object **106** may be garbage collected (by the use of finalize( )
method) on the clinical data provider **102**. In an example, the actual
proxy objects **102** may also be removed from the proxy
database **104** and may also be garbage collected (upon overriding the
finalize( ) method). An example using such batch processing is shown
below as a piece of code.

 ```
  // creates a Connection object on the proxy database
  Connection connection=JDBCDriver.connect("jdbc:odbc:Database");
  // -start batch
  PreparedStatementps=connection.PrepareStatement(String);
  ps.setString(1, String);
  ps.setInt(2, int);
  ps.setDate(3, Date);
  ResultSetrset=(ResultSet)ps.executeQuery( );
  //- end batch
 ```

The proxy database **104** may then interact with the respective HL7
CBR **108** to convert or translate the data into a common digital
format such as the HL7 standard and provide the converted or translated
data to the records database **126**. In an example, the HL7
CBR **108** may be configured to implement data correlation technology
such that the data can be integrated into a common format.

The records database **126** and/or the CBR **108** can be configured to
include the data logging unit **148**. The data logging unit **148** can
be configured to track a unique network identifier associated with the
HL7 CBR **108** such that the data or piece of information received from
the respective HL7 CBR **108** can be uniquely identified through a
local identifier associated with the data. The data logging
unit **148** can be configured to maintain an Enterprise Master Patient
Index (EMPI) service **204**, a Record or Resource Locater
Service **206**, an AAA (Authentication, Authorization,
Accounting) **208** or security technologies (for e.g., to store or
track current or past data or authorizations provided by, or on behalf
of, or relating to different clinical data providers), a metadata and/or
master data validation service **210** to facilitate the NLP
capabilities such as for example the metadata and master data learned
from the proxy database drivers **202**.

The EMPI service **204** can be configured to manage the patient\'s
identifier from the respective HL7 CBR **108**, EHR repository **142**,
HIE repository **144**, or VMR repository **144** to help it identify
and locate appropriate records data. The information about the
EMPI **204** is configured to define, use, interpret, and normalize the
master data and metadata **210** across the system **200**. In an
example, a common metadata and master data configuration can be
maintained by the data logging unit **148** or associated systems for
the data received from the respective HL7 CBR **108**. Further, the data
logging unit **148** can be configured to maintain a common way to
represent the HL7 CBR **108** data (from a plurality of proxy databases
similar to the proxy database **102** and **124**) in a metadata and
master data store. Each of the HL7 CBRs **108** in the communication
network **128** can be configured to describe certain information to
define metadata, which can be configured during deployment of the HL7
CBR **108**. In an example, the data logging unit **148** can be
configured to populate the metadata store in accordance with each HL7
CBR identifier such as name, ID, or any other mechanism that can
uniquely identify the data provided by each HL7 CBR **108**. In an
example, the data logging unit **148** can be configured to maintain the
metadata configuration in accordance with the HL7 CBR identifier.

An example of such metadata can be Title: metadata HL7 CBR, Identifier:
govhealthcare.com, format: HL7 Standard, provider: clinical data
provider, connection:

proxy database drivers.

The data logging unit **148** can be configured to facilitate an XML
search structure to provide NLP capabilities over the communication
network **128**. In an example, the data logging unit **148** may be
configured to define the metadata using the Get( ) method from the HL7
CBR **108** and provide the data to the HL7 CBR **108** using the Put( )
method. In an example, the metadata is defined from the proxy database
drivers **202** such as shown in the code below:

  ```
  classJDBCProxyDatabaseMetaDataExample
  // Createa connection object on the proxy database
  Connection con=JDBCDriver.connect("jdbc:odbc:Database");
  // Load the proxy database drivers
  Class.forName( "sun.jdbc.odbc.JdbcOdbcDriver" ) ;
  // Get a connection to the proxy database through the proxy database drivers
  Connection con = DriverManager.getConnection( "jdbc:odbc:Database")
  //Metadata configuration data retrieval from the proxy database drivers
  DatabaseMetaDatametaData = con.getMetaData( )
  ResultSetrs = metaData.getTypeInfo( );
  //Query statements for metadata information from the proxy database
  drivers
  ResultSetresultSet = st.executeQuery("SELECT \* FROM
  proxydatabase");
  ResultSetMetaData md = resultSet.getMetaData( );
 ```

In an example, the data logging unit **148** can be configured to deploy
the metadata configuration as a separate schema into either a directly
attached records database **126** or shared data repositories such as
the HIE repository **142** or the VMR repository **144** supported by an
overall records database **126** deployment. The records
database **126** can be configured to provide NLP capabilities, in
accordance with the defined metadata configuration and master data
configuration learnt from the proxy database drivers **202** and the
respective HL7 CBR **108** and master data systems.

In an example, the system **200** as described above can be configured
to support various languages such that the system **200** can be
configured to search for data and extract information or the data
irrespective of the language of the metadata contained therein. In an
example, the system **200** can be configured to check for security such
as monitoring for data leakage.

In an example, the data logging unit **148** may include or be coupled
to various machine learning, master data, and metadata validation
systems. In an example, the data logging unit **148** may be integrated
or coupled with the records database **126** or may be integrated or
coupled with the CBR **108**. In accordance with these embodiments, the
metadata and master data validation tasks, NLP functions, and machine
learning can be performed by either the records database **126** and its
associated systems or by the CBR **108**.

FIG. 3, with reference to FIGS. 1 and 2, illustrates generally, but not
by the way of limitation, a flow chart depicting a method **300** for
creating natural language based data processing capabilities from
metadata facilitated by the proxy database drivers **202** and master
data, according to an embodiment herein. At step **302**, the
method **300** may include receiving data from clinical data providers
such as the clinical data provider **102**. At step **304**, the
clinical data provider **102** can establish a connection with the proxy
database **104** using the proxy database drivers **202**. At
step **306**, the clinical data provider **102** may backup the data on
the proxy database **104**. At step **308**, the method **300** may
allow the HL7 CBR **108** to convert or translate the data into a common
digital format such as HL7 standard using various machine learning,
metadata, and master data validation systems. In an embodiment, the
method **300** may allow the HL7 CBR **108** to route the data into the
data logging unit **148**. In an embodiment, the logging unit and
various machine learning, metadata, and master data validation systems
may be integrated within or coupled to the CBR **108**.

At step **310**, the data logging unit **148** or the CBR **108** and
associated machine learning, metadata, and master data validation
systems can manage the metadata learnt from the proxy database
drivers **202** such that the records database **126** and/or the
CBR **108** creates NLP-based data processing capabilities, in
accordance with the defined metadata configurations. In certain
embodiments, the data logging unit **148** and/or the CBR **108** may
include the machine learning system, the master data validation system,
and the metadata validation system as will be discussed later in
conjunction with various figures.

As shown in FIG. 4, the records database **126** and/or the
CBR **108** may be connected with a separately located master data
validation system **402** and a metadata validation system **404** that
respectively store master data and metadata for improving natural
language processing using machine learning tools over time with the use
of the data logging unit **148** and the processing component **146**.
In an embodiment, the processing component **146** may be included
within the data logging unit **148**. In an embodiment, the processing
component **146** may be separately located and communicatively and
operatively coupled to the data logging unit **148** for processing
various functions. FIG. 5 illustrates a detailed architecture diagram of
the master data validation system **402**. FIG. 6 illustrates a detailed
architecture diagram of the metadata validation system **404**.

The master data validation system **402** may facilitate in creating a
unified view of entire health data stored in or associated with the
records database **126** and entire enterprise data generated through
multiple sources. The master data validation system **402** can uniquely
identify each instance of a business element such as source name, source
location, patient or healthcare entity\'s names and locations,
enterprise product names, accounts, etc and represent these instances
using a standardized data model. The master data validation
system **402** allows to create a single source of truth around which
enterprise systems including the records database **126** can be
synchronized. The master data validation system **402** extracts key
data from diverse operational environments to create a system of record
files and establish links to keep the system **404** and operational
system files synchronized, and providing fast access across all
operational systems to the master data without degrading operational
performance. The master data validation system **402** is configured to
harmonize, store and maintain master data over time through use of
hardware and software elements to increase consistency and accuracy of
healthcare performance reporting by enabling participants to
collaboratively control and maintain master data in a workflow-driven
web-based environment. The master data validation
system **402** provides a consistent context against which healthcare
performance can be measured. The master data validation
system **402** may include a master data validation interface **502**,
an abstraction layer **504**, a master data repository **506**, a
parameter store **508**, an analysis and reporting system **510**, and a
data integration appliance **512**.

The data integration appliance **512** includes elements for data
integration, data syndication and workflow execution. The data
integration appliance **512**, for example may be a specialized engine
including specialized hardware and software components for data
extraction, transformation and ingestion. The data integration
appliance **512** is responsible for transporting master data. The
management interface **502** may be a role-based user interface that may
allow appropriate functionality for data visualization and data
management to users and application administrators. The abstraction
layer **504** is an application programming interface (API) that enables
other systems to access and manipulate master data in a well-defined
way. The parameter store **508** may assist in providing an adaptive
extensible framework for unified master data across the entire health
data repositories. The parameter store **508** may store control
information that specifies behavior of master data validation processes
and data representation using a set of predefined rules and guidelines.

The master data repository **506** may store entire master data
information in a standardized format. The master data
repository **506** may interact with the analysis and presentation
system **510** which selectively provides master data reports, data
quality reports, and allow display and presentation of requested master
data information by pulling it from the master data repository **506**.

Referring to FIGS. 4 and 6, the metadata validation system **404** is
discussed herein, in an embodiment. The metadata validation
system **404** is configured to create and organize a new metadata layer
object instance upon recognition of an event or a trigger indicative of
a new metadata layer object **604**. The metadata validation
system **404** includes a metadata validation appliance **602**, a
metadata layer repository **606**, and a metadata validation
database **608**.

The metadata validation system **404** may provide a user interface
tool **610** to allow a user or an administrator to access and/or view
and/or extract a portion of the content stored in the metadata layer
repository **606**. The metadata layer repository **606** is configured
to store linkable metadata layer objects **604**. Once a metadata layer
object **606** is created or updated, the metadata validation
system **404** is configured to store the created metadata layer
object **604** in the metadata layer repository **606**. In an
embodiment, the metadata layer repository **606** can be associated
locally to each of the repositories within the records
database **126** such as HIE **142**, VMR **144**, EHR **140**, etc. In
an embodiment, the metadata layer repository **606** can be unified for
all the records database **126** repositories.

The metadata validation system **404** may operate as a cloud-based
enterprise-class, offering its services via one or more remote APIs that
connect with CBRs **108** located at distributed locations. The metadata
validation system **404** may be considered as a component of a PaaS,
IaaS, SaaS, or other type of distributed architecture. In an embodiment,
the metadata layer repository **606** may be integrated within a
productivity application (e.g., word processor, spreadsheet, browser,
etc.) that is configured to operate as the metadata validation
appliance **602**. In an embodiment, the metadata layer
repository **606** may contain a single file associated with a single
source document where the single file stores all annotations or other
metadata for the source document. Such a file can be stored as a Binary
Large Object (BLOB) or in any other form.

The metadata validation appliance **602** may link the metadata layer
object **604** by storing an identifier to the source content. In an
example, the identifier can direct a user or an administrator to the
source document (e.g., a webpage) from which the content is imported.
Examples of the source document identifier include a uniform resource
locator (URL), a uniform resource identifier (URI), an IP address, a
file name, an object reference, and other types of pointers. The
identifier may also include a set of document coordinates that may point
to the selected portion of the source document. The document coordinates
can be a time index, a graphical coordinate, a paragraph number, a line
number, a word number, a pair of document coordinate attributes, or
document object model (DOM) element coordinate. When the source content
is associated with one or more metadata layer object **604**, the
metadata validation appliance **602** may link the newly created
metadata layer object instance to the one or more metadata layer
objects **604** associated with the source content as parent metadata
layer objects (e.g., by including a pointer to point to the one or more
metadata layer objects **604**). In some embodiments, the metadata
validation appliance **602** may be configured to update the metadata
layer objects **604** associated with the source content to include a
link (e.g., a pointer) that points to the newly created metadata layer
object instance as a child metadata layer object **604**. The metadata
validation appliance **602** may organize linkages and connections
between various instances of the metadata layer objects **604** and
source content pieces and also within multiple metadata layer
objects **604**. In an example, the metadata layer objects **604** may
be updated in accordance with pre-defined internal and/or external
taxonomies to facilitate organization and classification of the source
documents that contain the health records originating from the content
providers **102**, **124**, and **130** through the CBRs **108**.

The metadata validation database **608** may store rights policies that
specify different access levels and/or restrictions for different users
and/or administrators who attempt to access the metadata layer
object **604** based on different criteria. For example, the rights
policies can be configured to specify different access
rights/restrictions based on profile information of the administrator
who tries to gain access to the metadata layer object **604**, such as
the role of the user within an organization who manages the records
database **126** and/or the CBR **108**. The rights policies may be
configured to specify different access rights/restrictions for different
administrators based on the different devices and networks that the
administrators use to try to gain access to the metadata layer
object **604**. The authorization component **612** may process
authorization and verification for allowing access to the metadata layer
repository **606** based on the rights policies.

The server **614** may host various components and support systems for
enabling technological infrastructure such as SaaS, HTTP, PaaS, IaaS
etc. The server **614** may contain a special purpose processing
circuitry and memory for processing various tasks.

The metadata validation system **404** may be communicatively connected
with the network so as to allow leveraging from external
taxonomies **704** (shown in FIG. 7) stored within external systems to
improve machine learning-enabled structuring of the health records
coming from the clinical data providers **104**, **124**, and
networks **130** through the CBR **108**.

FIG. 7 illustrates a machine learning system **702** configured within
or coupled to the records database **126** and/or the CBR **108** and
communicatively connected with or integrated within the data logging
unit **148** for providing advanced machine learning functions in
conjunction with data maintained by the master data validation
system **402** and the metadata validation system **404** and learning
overtime based on the stored master data and metadata generated
perpetually within the enterprise or sources from the clinical data
providers and networks **102**, **124**, **130** through the
CBRs **108** located at gateways connecting between multiple
providers **102**, **124**, **130** or at the records
database **126** access point.

The machine learning system **702** may be configured to categorize the
health records based on internal and external taxonomies, recognize
patterns in the health records, structure the health records based on
the taxonomies, metadata and master data, and machines and systems so
trained.

The machine learning system **702** may include a compiler **706**,
relational databases **708**, a memory circuit **710**, and a semantics
learning appliance **712**. The compiler **706** may be configured to
translate the model of relational databases **708** into structured
components. The relational databases **708** may be of any type of
relational databases configured to contain data of any type such as
patient generated data, EHR, device generated data, data obtained from
the content providers. In an example, the relational
databases **708** may contain the data or a portion of the data that is
stored in other repositories of the records database **126** such as the
EHR. The relational databases **708** may be stored in the memory
circuit **710** of the machine learning system **702**.

The semantics learning appliance **712** may process rules and
instructions stored in the memory circuit **710** for language and text
mapping of multiple data elements. The semantics learning
appliance **712** is configured to interpret machine learning
models **714** that may be stored in the memory circuit **710** and to
interpret data and its components by mapping element-by-element and
field-by-field of an inflowing data from the content
providers **102**, **124**, **130** and the data already generated and
structured by the machine learning system **702** and stored in various
data houses such as the records database **126** and its associated
repositories, the metadata validation system **402** and the master data
validation system **404**. A 'field' herein in association with machine
learning represents a header or an identifier of a column or row
signifying content type in a particular column or row. An 'element'
herein may represent actual information available under a 'field'. For
example, a column may contain names of patients, the input 'name' may be
defined as a 'field' while actual information about various individual
names of the patients in the column may be termed as 'element' herein at
least in conjunction with machine learning description. In examples, the
machine learning models **714** may include such as one or more of a
probablistic model, semantic model, language cue models, statistical
models, extrapolation models, mathematical models, and analytical
models.

The semantics learning appliance **712** may be configured to receive
inputs from the metadata validation system **404** and the master data
validation system **402**. The semantics learning appliance **712** may
interpret the inflowing health records coming from the content
providers **102**, **124**, **130** using various probablistical,
statistical, analytical, and interpretation models stored in the memory
circuit **710**. The semantics learning appliance **712** generates an
output that provides an interpretation about what do various fields and
elements in the inflowing data (also referred to as health records
interchangeably) signify. The semantics learning appliance **712** may
reference to the data stored in the metadata authentication and
validation system **404**, master data validation system **402** and the
records database **126** and its associated repositories and then map
the referenced data with the inflowing data to identify closest possible
'fields' and 'elements' of the referenced data in-context that may
resemble the 'fields' and the 'elements' of the inflowing data. The
closest resembling fields and elements of the inflowing data may be
analysed for contextual evaluation to verify suitability of the
resemblance in varying contexts and in particular context in
consideration. The semantics learning appliance **712** may be
configured to review other data elements and fields and words therein
and compare with already structured corpus or dataset to identify the
context and interpret meaning of the 'field' and the 'element' under
consideration of the inflowing data. Once, a contextual relationship is
associated and the 'field' and 'element' of the inflowing data is known
precisely in context, the semantics learning appliance **712** may
utilize internal extensible taxonomies **714** and the external
taxonomies **704** to classify the interpreted 'field' and 'element' of
the inflowing data. In a similar manner, various other fields and
elements of the inflowing data may be interpreted by the machine
learning system **702** to provide a structure to the inflowing data.
Entire inflowing data is accordingly classified in taxonomical classes
based on the internal extensible taxonomies **714** and the external
taxonomies **704**. In an embodiment, the semantics learning
appliance **712** and various other components of the machine learning
system **702** may be contained within or coupled to the records
database **126** and/or the CBR **108** associated with the records
database **126** and/or all the CBR **108**.

The internal taxonomies **714** may be built over time based on
available corpus in the records database **126** and various other
associated repositories. The internal taxonomies **714** may be
pre-defined by users or administrators or may be automatically generated
through machine learning over time. In an embodiment, the internal
extensible taxonomies **714** may be dynamic in the way that as more and
more data flows into the records database **126** and associated
repositories connected with the machine learning
system **702** overtime, the machine learning system **702** may improve
the internal extensible taxonomies **714** dynamically over time. The
classified data, master data, and the metadata under various taxonomical
classes may also be re-organized to reflect under updated taxonomical
classes as and when an update happens in the internal extensible
taxonomies **714**. In an embodiment, the machine learning
system **702** may utilize the external taxonomies **704** to classify
the data, master data, and the metadata and also to improve the internal
extensible taxonomies **714**. The external taxonomies **704** may be
associated with external systems not connected with the records
database **126** directly. In an embodiment, the external systems may be
various servers, databases, repositories, websites, information sources,
etc which may be accessed by a crawler **716** to fetch the external
taxonomies **704** or portions thereof into the machine learning
system **702** automatically. The crawler **716** may include or be
coupled to a search engine **718** to run periodic searches to find
relevant taxonomies externally for contextual mapping of the health
records and for ingestion into the machine learning system **702**. The
crawler **716** may use cross-references **720** maintained by the
machine learning system **702** to access the external
taxonomies **704** and may also update the cross-references **720** for
any changes in the external taxonomies **704**.

In an example, the machine learning system **702** may utilize inputs
from the master data validation system **402** and the metadata
validation system **404** to build the internal extensible
taxonomies **714** so that each of the fields and elements within the
metadata and the master data may be clustered by the machine learning
system **702** around certain topics identified based on repeat behavior
of words in the entire corpus of the master data and metadata to depict
relative occurrences of the fields and elements defined by repeat words.
The repeat behavior of fields and elements in the master data and the
metadata may be used as an input to generate new taxonomical classes and
refine the internal extensible taxonomies **714**. For example, the
machine learning system **702** may identify 'device compatibility' as
one of the most repeat words around which the highest number of health
records are clustered. The term 'device compatibility' may be noted as a
topic for defining a set of relevant health records that may relate to
'device compatibility' and accordingly the machine learning
system **702** may consider this term as a taxonomical class to refine
the existing taxonomical classes in the internal extensible
taxonomies **714** for classification of the health records. In an
example, the master data and the metadata validation
systems **402** and **404** may be communicatively connected with the
machine learning systems **702**. The semantics learning
appliance **712** of the machine learning system **702** may apply
contextual and linguistic techniques with the use of a language cue
engine to identify clustering of health records around certain topics
exhibiting repeat behavior and occurrences of certain words in the
master data and the metadata.

The machine learning system **702** may utilize the internal extensible
taxonomies **714** and the external taxonomies **704** to index the
unstructured data and the structured data through automated mechanisms
such as auto-indexing. In an example, the internal extensible
taxonomies **714** may utilize controlled vocabulary to automatically
apply the taxonomy classes or tags on the datasets (structured dataset
and/or unstructured dataset) to classify the datasets in accordance with
the predefined taxonomies (including the internal extensible
taxonomies **714** and the external taxonomies **704**). The machine
learning system **702** may be trained by the administrators by adding a
sample data and classifying the sample data manually or automatically in
a controlled manner, in the beginning, in an embodiment. More sample
data may be added in stages to train the machine learning
system **702** better. As the machine learning system **702** recognizes
the nature and patterns of data classification and tagging of the
datasets in accordance with the taxonomies **704** and **714**, the
process of classification evolves over time so that with learnings from
the past, the machine learning system **702** may perform automated
structuring of the datasets. The machine learning system **702** may run
periodic searches on the structured dataset to suggest additional terms
for updating the internal extensible taxonomies **704**.

In embodiments, the machine learning system **702** may be configured to
maintain the internal extensible taxonomies **714** and the external
taxonomies **704** so as to evolve and develop the internal extensible
taxonomies **714**.

The machine learning system **702** may create a new internal extensible
taxonomy utilizing an existing internal extensible taxonomy and an
existing external taxonomy by merging the existing internal extensible
taxonomy with the existing external taxonomy based on a comparison of a
category profile of the existing internal extensible taxonomy with a
category profile of the existing external taxonomy. A category profile
represents pattern of content terms as they occur in a tree-branch
structure of a hierarchy associated with a taxonomy. The category
profile may include digitally stored parent terms and digitally stored
child terms and associated digital identifiers indicative of the
respective digitally stored parent terms, digitally stored child terms
and pointers indicating mutual connections among various child terms and
parent terms in a hierarchical pattern. Therefore, by comparing category
profiles, the machine learning systems **702** performs a search to
identity matches between various content terms and patterns thereof in
association with their placements along the tree-branch structure and
determine which content terms from the category profile of the existing
external taxonomy may resemble content terms from the category profile
of the existing internal extensible taxonomy. Once matches are
determined, the resembling content terms may be merged together so as to
align according to the tree-branch structure and so that the hierarchy
remains undisturbed. In a similar manner, the machine learning
system **702** may perform category profile mapping for a plurality of
the external taxonomies associated with multiple external systems in a
way that each such external system may be crawled by the crawler and
associated an identifier to associate an identity with a respective
category profile of an associated external taxonomy of the plurality of
external taxonomies.

In an embodiment, the machine learning system **702** may allow
structuring of unstructured or semi-unstructured dataset in a faster
approach by converting the unstructured dataset of the inflowing data
from the content providers **102**, **124**, **130** to structured
dataset utilizing the internal extensible taxonomies **714** and the
external taxonomies **704** built into the master data validation
system **402** and the metadata validation system **404**.

In an example, the data logging unit **148** may be integrated with the
machine learning system **702** or may be communicatively coupled to the
machine learning system **702** so that the data logging
unit **148** may be configured to apply advanced and improved natural
language processing capabilities with the use of the master data and the
metadata information and the available internal extensible
taxonomies **714** and the externally pulled taxonomies **704** using
the cross-references. In an example, the data logging unit **148** may
be coupled to the master data validation system **402** and the metadata
validation system **404** too. The data logging unit **148** may perform
NLP functions so that the data logging unit **148** configured to
process NLP tasks along with the machine learning system **702** to
perform machine learning tasks may look for fields and elements in the
inflowing unstructured dataset (also referred to as data
interchangeably) and find them or similar fields and elements in the
structured dataset already residing in the records database **126** and
associated repositories and also identify the context in which those
fields and names occur in the structured dataset. This allows the
machine learning system **702** and the data logging unit **148** and
the CBR **108** to recognize the unstructured or semi-structured
inflowing dataset before storing it permanently in the records
database **126** in a particular structured format. Thus, the machine
learning system **702** and the data logging unit **148** may utilize
NLP and machine learning capabilities to perform natural language
processing and machine learning to recognize the unstructured dataset
based on the past that is what has been structured in the records
database **126** already in the past. Thus, the present invention not
only utilizes the health records stored in the records
database **126** but also the metadata and the master data contained in
the master data validation system **402** and the metadata validation
system **404** for enabling natural language processing-based and
machine learning-based transformation of the unstructured and the
semi-structured dataset to the structured dataset.

In an embodiment, the clinical data providers **104**, **124**, and
networks **130** may be allowed to access the structured data stored in
the records database **126** and associated repositories based on
predefined rules and identity information about the clinical data
providers **104** and **124**. The records database **126** may allow
the clinical data provider **104** and **124** if access to at least a
portion of the structured data of the records database after verifying
contextual information, device information, browser information, and
network information associated the clinical data
provider **104** and **124** by comparing it with pre-stored and
pre-registered identity information about the clinical data
provider **104** and **124**. The identity information may be stored in
a separate repository of the records database **126** and may include
such as the device information, browser information, network
information, and the contextual sensed information.

The device information may include information such as model, serial
number, and other information of the computing device associated with
the clinical data provider **104**. The network information may indicate
browser or network behavior. The contextual information may be
indicative of sensed proximate environments such as weather, pollution,
location, time etc.

The accessed at least a portion of the structured data authorized to
view and access by the clinical data provider such as the clinical data
provider **104** may be shared with the clinical data
provider **104** by synchronising the authorized accessed data to a
local hardware-based device associated with the clinical data provider
and located at a site of the clinical data provider **104**. Such a
local hardware-based device referred to as a first local
machine **802** is shown in FIG. 8. In a similar manner, a second local
machine **804** may be located at a site of the clinical data
provider **124** to allow sharing of at least an authorized portion of
the structured data stored in the records database **126**. The data
allowed to be accessed by the clinical data provider **104** and the
data allowed to be accessed by the clinical data provider **124** may be
different or may be same or may overlap based on access requests and
based on identity information and access rights.

In accordance with the embodiments discussed herein, the first local
machine **802** may be installed in a network zone of the clinical data
provider **102** who may request to access the records database **126**.
The clinical data provider **104** may receive the requested data from
the records database **125** upon verification and authorization
directly from the cloud to the first local machine **802** installed
within the network zone of the clinical data provider **104**. The data
can then be retrieved locally and accessed by the clinical data
provider **104** in its network zone. A synchronizer **806** may
dynamically update the data on a local drive **808** in accordance with
evolution and updates in the structured data in the records
database **126** based on access rights. The first local
machine **802** can execute various tasks of sourcing, retrieving and
downloading the accessed structured data at the local drive **808** with
the use of a configurable appliance **810** of the first local
machine **802** using the synchronizer **806**. While the embodiment is
discussed in conjunction with the first local machine **802** and
associated components thereof, various embodiments can involve use of
one or more additional similar or different local machines without
limitations for other clinical data providers to access the structured
data stored in the records database **126** after metadata and master
data-based transformation as discussed above in the document. The
information obtained from the cloud at the first local
machine **802** may exist in the digital format as defined by the
records database **126**. In an embodiment, the data obtained from the
cloud may be fragmented and the configurable appliance **810** may first
organize the data before it is used by the users. The configurable
appliance **810** may also allow manual process of data merging in
accordance with an embodiment of the present invention. The configurable
appliance **810** may be installed behind a firewall **812**. The
configurable appliance **810** may contain a set of scripts and
plugins **814** and APIs **816** to allow presentation and display of
the accessed data on a display device **818**.

The first local machine **802** may include devices and appliances for
sensing and gathering local and contextual information to transmit to
the records database **126** for allowing the records
database **126** to compare the transmitted information with the
identity information. If the identity information matches the
transmitted information, the clinical data provider **104** may be
allowed to access the at least a portion of the structured data
maintained by the records database **126**.

The devices and appliances contained within the first local
machine **802** for this purpose may include an agent device **820** to
gather browser, device, and network information associated with the
clinical data provider and transmit the gathered browser, device, and
network information to the records database **126** for identity
verification to authorize accessing of the at least a portion of the
structured dataset stored in the records database **126**. The first
local machine **802** may further include a contextual
sensor **822** fitted proximate the clinical data provider **104** for
gathering contextual information about the respective clinical data
provider **104** and transmitting the contextual information to the
records database **126** for further verification. The records
database **125** may be coupled to or may include a validation
appliance **824** for identity verification to authorize accessing of
the at least a portion of the structured dataset stored in the records
database **126**. The sensors **822** may of various types such as a
location sensor, geospatial coordinate sensor, Global positioning system
(GPS)-based device, weather sensor, internet of things-based devices
(IoT devices), and the like to allow comparing by the validation
appliance **824** such as real-time geo-spatial information with
pre-registered location identity information maintained by the
validation device, and the like. The Global Positioning System-based
(GPS-based) device may be configured to sense geo-spatial information
indicative of location coordinates and transmit the sensed geo-spatial
information to the blockchain configured records database **126** for
verification of the identity of the associated clinical provider
computer. The validation appliance **824** may store the predefined
device information, network information, location information
(geo-spatial information), contextual information, and the like and is
configured to compare this predefined information with real time
information coming in from the agent device **820** and the
sensors **822** to allow access to the structured dataset at least in
part stored in the records database **126**. Similar local machines may
be associated with other clinical data providers such as **124**. Such
local machines may be housed within a physical, tangible material frame
made of metal, non-metal or plastic material capable of being fitted and
installed at a physical location.

FIG. 9 illustrates an exemplary blockchain configured
ecosystem **900** for facilitating transformation of the unstructured
and semi-structured data into the structured data using various
techniques and appliances and machines as discusses earlier in
conjunction with various figures.

The blockchain configured records database **126** may provide a private
view to the clinical data providers **104** and **124** who may want to
access the structured data based on access right referred to as private
data store **904** so that each clinical data
provider **104** and **124** can privately access certain documents
based on various policies and based on verification by the validation
device **824**. Each of the clinical data
providers **104** and **124** may access the structured data through the
dedicated private store **904** available through the plurality of
distributed blockchain configured access points **902** which may be
enabled in the form of distributed blocks by the records
database **126** as shown in FIG. 9, with each block providing a
facility to access the blockchain configured structured data by the
clinical data providers **104** and **124** at the same time based on
defined and granted access rights.

The private data store **904** may provide a virtual storage to
facilitate interaction, information exchange, reviewing, and
presentation of the structured data according to granted access for
clinical data providers **104** and **124**. For example, the private
data store **904** may allow a virtual storage and presentation of only
limited documents or portions of the structured data for access by the
clinical data providers **104** and **124** in accordance with
permissions granted to the clinical data providers **104** and **124**.
The private data store **904** may be configured to auto-hash review
interactions at any required interval. This compartmentalization of the
documents ensures that the documents are secured and private as per
access rights authorized to the clinical data
providers **104** and **124**. The data presented on the private data
store **904** of the blockchain serves as a secure way to ensure that
the private data store **904** is in sync with any permissioned access.

In an embodiment, the blockchain configured digital
ecosystem **900** may provide a federated blockchain consisting of
several entities/participants and associated computers and devices and
sensors that jointly access the structured data through a trusted,
secured and distributed network of the blockchain configured access
points **902**. Federations can be organized by systems of care such as
identified by geography, e.g. community or state. The clinical data
providers **104** and **124** may be assumed to stay within these
systems of care that cross organizations. In an example, the federated
blockchain may be applied on top of an existing health information
exchange community as a way to further reduce costs and help the
community reach financial sustainability.

In accordance with an embodiment, the clinical data
providers **104** and **124** can access the structured data based on
authorization and access rights granted which may dynamically be updated
in accordance with the contextual information received from the clinical
data providers **104** and **124** and associated devices and sensors.
The blockchain configured validation appliance **824** may be configured
to validate identity of the clinical data
providers **104** and **124** accessing the structured data to establish
a trusted information access process. The blockchain configured identity
validation appliance **824** may utilize a variety of identity
validation algorithms and schemes such as but not limited to facial
expressions, geographical coordinates, geo-tags, gestures, muscle
activity, and the like. In accordance with a specific type of validation
scheme utilized by the blockchain validation device **824**, a
validation scheme-based device may be utilized.

In an example, the embodiments herein can provide a computer program
product configured to include a pre-configured set of instructions,
which when performed, can result in actions as stated in conjunction
with the method(s) described above. In an example, the pre-configured
set of instructions can be stored on a tangible non-transitory computer
readable medium. In an example, the tangible non-transitory computer
readable medium can be configured to include the set of instructions,
which when performed by a device, can cause the device to perform acts
similar to the ones described here.

The embodiments herein may comprise a computer program product
configured to include a pre-configured set of instructions, which when
performed, can result in actions as stated in conjunction with the
methods described above. In an example, the pre-configured set of
instructions can be stored on a tangible non-transitory computer
readable medium or a program storage device. In an example, the tangible
non-transitory computer readable medium can be configured to include the
set of instructions, which when performed by a device, can cause the
device to perform acts similar to the ones described here. Embodiments
herein may also include tangible and/or non-transitory computer-readable
storage media for carrying or having computer executable instructions or
data structures stored thereon.

Generally, program modules include routines, programs, components, data
structures, objects, and the functions inherent in the design of
special-purpose processors, etc. that perform particular tasks or
implement particular abstract data types. Computer executable
instructions, associated data structures, and program modules represent
examples of the program code means for executing steps of the methods
disclosed herein. The particular sequence of such executable
instructions or associated data structures represents examples of
corresponding acts for implementing the functions described in such
steps.

The techniques provided by the embodiments herein may be implemented on
an integrated circuit chip (not shown). The chip design is created in a
graphical computer programming language, and stored in a computer
storage medium (such as a disk, tape, physical hard drive, or virtual
hard drive such as in a storage access network). If the designer does
not fabricate chips or the photolithographic masks used to fabricate
chips, the designer transmits the resulting design by physical means
(e.g., by providing a copy of the storage medium storing the design) or
electronically (e.g., through the Internet) to such entities, directly
or indirectly. The stored design is then converted into the appropriate
format (e.g., GDSII) for the fabrication of photolithographic masks,
which typically include multiple copies of the chip design in question
that are to be formed on a wafer. The photolithographic masks are
utilized to define areas of the wafer (and/or the layers thereon) to be
etched or otherwise processed.

The resulting integrated circuit chips can be distributed by the
fabricator in raw wafer form (that is, as a single wafer that has
multiple unpackaged chips), as a bare die, or in a packaged form. In the
latter case the chip is mounted in a single chip package (such as a
plastic carrier, with leads that are affixed to a motherboard or other
higher level carrier) or in a multichip package (such as a ceramic
carrier that has either or both surface interconnections or buried
interconnections). In any case the chip is then integrated with other
chips, discrete circuit elements, and/or other signal processing devices
as part of either (a) an intermediate product, such as a motherboard, or
(b) an end product. The end product can be any product that includes
integrated circuit chips, ranging from toys and other low-end
applications to advanced computer products having a display, a keyboard
or other input device, and a central processor.

The embodiments herein can include both hardware and software elements.
The embodiments that are implemented in software include but are not
limited to, firmware, resident software, microcode, etc.

A data processing system suitable for storing and/or executing program
code will include at least one processor coupled directly or indirectly
to memory elements through a system bus. The memory elements can include
local memory employed during actual execution of the program code, bulk
storage, and cache memories which provide temporary storage of at least
some program code in order to reduce the number of times code must be
retrieved from bulk storage during execution.

Input/output (I/O) devices (including but not limited to keyboards,
displays, pointing devices, etc.) can be coupled to the system either
directly or through intervening I/O controllers. Network adapters may
also be coupled to the system to enable the data processing system to
become coupled to other data processing systems or remote printers or
storage devices through intervening private or public networks. Modems,
cable modem and Ethernet cards are just a few of the currently available
types of network adapters.

A representative hardware environment for practicing the embodiments
herein is depicted in FIG. 8, with reference to FIGS. 1 through 7. This
schematic drawing illustrates a hardware configuration of an information
handling/computer system **1000** in accordance with an exemplary
embodiment herein. The system **1000** comprises at least one processor
or central processing unit (CPU) **1010**. The CPUs **1010** are
interconnected via system bus **1012** to various devices such as a
random access memory (RAM) **1014**, read-only memory (ROM) **1016**,
and an input/output (I/O) adapter **1018**. The I/O adapter **1018** can
connect to peripheral devices, such as disk units **1011** and storage
drives **1013**, or other program storage devices that are readable by
the system. The system **1000** can read the inventive instructions on
the program storage devices and follow these instructions to execute the
methodology of the embodiments herein. The system **1000** further
includes a user interface adapter **1019** that connects a
keyboard **1015**, mouse **1017**, speaker **1024**,
microphone **1022**, and/or other user interface devices such as a touch
screen device (not shown) to the bus **1012** to gather user input.
Additionally, a communication adapter **1020** connects the
bus **1012** to a data processing network **1025**, and a display
adapter **1021** connects the bus **1012** to a display device **1023**,
which provides a GUI (e.g., a gadget) in accordance with the embodiments
herein, or which may be embodied as an output device such as a monitor,
printer, or transmitter, for example. Further, a transceiver **1026**, a
signal comparator **1027**, and a signal converter **1028** may be
connected with the bus **1012** for processing, transmission, receipt,
comparison, and conversion of electric or electronic signals.

The foregoing description of the specific embodiments will so fully
reveal the general nature of the embodiments herein that others can, by
applying current knowledge, readily modify and/or adapt for various
applications such specific embodiments without departing from the
generic concept, and, therefore, such adaptations and modifications
should and are intended to be comprehended within the meaning and range
of equivalents of the disclosed embodiments. It is to be understood that
the phraseology or terminology employed herein is for the purpose of
description and not of limitation. Therefore, while the embodiments
herein have been described in terms of preferred embodiments, those
skilled in the art will recognize that the embodiments herein can be
practiced with modification within the spirit and scope of the appended
claims.

