---
title:  Computer-controlled precision education and training
uspto-canonical-id-label: Patent
uspto-patent-number: US-11423500-B2
inventor: Shah N. Shahid
owner-current-assignee: INTELLECTUAL FRONTIERS LLC
patent-owners-rights: 
territorial-scope: US
uspto-patent-family-members-publication-numbers:
application-date: 
issue-date: 
expiry-date: 
patent-status: Active
url: "/ip/computer-controlled-precision-education-and-training"
uspto-patent-pdf:
uspto-patent-url:
thumbnail: 
uspto-patent-citation-label: 
forward-citations: 
backward-citations:
abstract-of-the-invention-label: 
abstract-of-the-invention: 
problem-solved-by-the-invention:
topics: 
images: 
image: "/images/no-image.jpg"
external-links: https://patents.google.com/patent/US11423500B2/
downloadable-documents: 
  - anchor_text: Download PDF
    link_url: 
  - anchor_text: Download Claim Summaries
    link_url: 
---

<div class="center-elements"> 

![Figure 001](/images/patents/us11423500b2-image-001.png)
![Figure 002](/images/patents/us11423500b2-image-002.png)

</div>

### Abstract

A system for streaming of contextual micro-content blocks for a workflow
task to facilitate task performance by a user. The system includes a
context sensing engine that processes one or more context inputs and
generates an output based on the context inputs received from a
front-end context monitoring appliance. The system includes a processing
circuit having a navigation engine to navigate through digital
information sources and search for information that matches one or more
parameters of relevance for the workflow task. The processing circuit
extracts computer-executable information files from the digital
information sources that matches the one or more parameters of relevance
for the workflow task and digitally processes the collected
computer-executable information files into processed information blocks.
The processing circuit includes a micro-content blocks creator for
generating the contextual micro-content blocks from the processed
information blocks. The micro-content blocks are delivered to the user
when the micro-tasks are beginning.

### Images (6)

<div class="center-elements">

<div id="fig01">

![Figure 01](/images/patents/us11423500b2-image-01.png)
**Figure 01**

</div>

<div id="fig1">

![Figure 1](/images/patents/us11423500b2-image-1.png)
**Figure 1**

</div>

<div id="fig2">

![Figure 2](/images/patents/us11423500b2-image-2.png)
**Figure 2**

</div>

<div id="fig3">

![Figure 3](/images/patents/us11423500b2-image-3.png)
**Figure 3**

</div>

<div id="fig4">

![Figure 4](/images/patents/us11423500b2-image-4.png)
**Figure 4**

</div>

<div id="fig5">

![Figure 5](/images/patents/us11423500b2-image-5.png)
**Figure 5**

</div>

</div>


### Description

### <span style="font-size:20px">BACKGROUND</span>

Technical Field

The embodiments herein generally relate to computerized Internet-based
education and training systems, and more particularly to a
computer-controlled remote-based learning system for facilitating
execution of workflow tasks.

Description of the Related Art

Schools are a great way of learning and training. However, several
modern technology requirements and environments for training systems are
dependent on its context and reference. This means someone may not need
to be taught everything in all possible ways. The context demands at
least some level of customization for the training and education
delivery process in a digital environment.

Therefore, there is a need of a new intelligent and evolved digital
system for education and training that more efficiently allows execution
of certain workflow tasks requiring training and education.

### <span style="font-size:20px">SUMMARY</span>

In view of the foregoing, an embodiment herein provides a system for
live digital streaming of one or more contextual micro-content blocks in
real-time for a workflow task to facilitate task performance by a user.
The system includes a context sensing engine that processes one or more
context inputs associated with the user and converts them into processed
inputs, and generates an output based on the one or more context inputs
received from a front-end context monitoring appliance. The front-end
context monitoring appliance is communicatively coupled to the context
sensing engine at a remote location and includes a context sensor that
detects a context of the task performance and a Global Positioning
Service (GPS) device that detects geographical coordinates of a device
associated with the user. The system further includes a processing
circuit. The processing circuit includes a navigation engine that
navigates through one or more digital information sources accessible
over a network and searches for information that matches one or more
parameters of relevance for the workflow task. The processing circuit
further includes a computerized data collection wireless appliance that
extracts computer-executable information files from the one or more
digital information sources that matches the one or more parameters of
relevance for the workflow task. The processing circuit further includes
an information processing engine communicatively coupled to the
computerized data collection wireless appliance. The information process
engine digitally processes the collected computer-executable information
files into a plurality of processed information blocks. The processing
circuit further includes a micro-content blocks creator that generates
the one or more contextual micro-content blocks from the plurality of
processed information blocks based on the output generated by the
context sensing engine. The system further includes a micro-content
communication component that transmits the one or more contextual
micro-content blocks relating to the workflow task to the device
associated with the user at a time when the plurality of micro-tasks of
the workflow task are about to start.

The system may further include an AI/ML (artificial intelligence/machine
learning) system remotely connected to the front-end context monitoring
appliance and communicatively coupled to the context sensing engine. The
AI/ML system may receive a signal from the context sensing engine
containing the processed context inputs and the output generated based
on the context inputs, process the context inputs to determine a
contextual pattern for the workflow task utilizing a plurality of
intelligent and machine learning-based tools, and transmit a digital
signal containing information pertinent to the contextual pattern to the
processor.

The processing circuit may further include a filtering circuit that
filters the plurality of processed information blocks based on the
contextual pattern associated with the user and the workflow task as
indicative through the output generated by the context sensing engine
communicatively coupled to the processing circuit and the AI/ML system.

The one or more micro-content blocks may include at least one of a
context-based micro-content block, a location-based micro-content block,
a role-based micro-content block, and a skills-based micro-content block
such that the one or more contextual micro-content blocks matches to a
plurality of micro-tasks of the workflow task.

The one or more contextual micro-content blocks may be time-stamped
before transmission by the micro-content communication component to the
device associated with the user for real-time delivery according to an
occurrence of the plurality of micro-tasks of the workflow task.

The one or more parameters of relevance may be defined based on one or
more of a plurality of digital inputs stored in a memory device, the
plurality of digital inputs including a digital input indicative of
nature of the workflow task, a digital input indicative of specific
micro-tasks associated with the workflow task, a digital input
indicative of location of execution or performance of the workflow task,
a digital input indicative of actor performing the task, a digital input
indicative of context of the workflow task, a digital input indicative
of skill-sets of the actor performing the workflow task, a digital input
indicative of role of the actor performing the workflow task.

The GPS device may retrieve real-time tracking location coordinates
associated with an event occurrence for the plurality of micro-tasks of
the workflow task. The GPS device may include a radio-navigation system.

The front-end context monitoring appliance may include an agent device
coupled communicatively and operatively with the context sensing engine.

The agent device may be operated by deploying an installable agent,
configured as a browser plugin, at the device associated with the user.

The system may further include a blockchain device that interacts with
the context sensing engine through a plurality of blockchain configured
distributed access points over a blockchain network.

The blockchain device may include a distributed trusted ledgers system
containing a plurality of distributed blockchain ledgers associated with
a plurality of computing terminals such that each ledger stores a copy
of a computer-executable file containing the context inputs and the one
or more contextual micro-content blocks associated with the workflow
task.

The blockchain device may include a blockchain database that stores the
collected computer-executable information files from the one or more
digital information sources and the one or more contextual micro-content
blocks.

Another embodiment herein provides a blockchain-enabled information
management server for live digital streaming of one or more contextual
micro-content blocks in real-time for a workflow task to facilitate task
performance by a user. The information management server includes a
context sensing engine that may process one or more context inputs
associated with the user and convert them into processed inputs, and
generate an output based on the one or more context inputs received from
a front-end context monitoring appliance. The front-end context
monitoring appliance may be communicatively coupled to the context
sensing engine at a remote location. The front-end context monitoring
appliance may include a context sensor that detects a context of the
task performance and a GPS device that detects geographical coordinates
of a device associated with the user. The system further includes a
processing circuit. The processing circuit includes a navigation engine
that navigates through one or more digital information sources
accessible over a network and searches for information that matches one
or more parameters of relevance for the workflow task. The processing
circuit further includes a computerized data collection wireless
appliance that extracts computer-executable information files from the
one or more digital information sources that matches the one or more
parameters of relevance for the workflow task. The processing circuit
includes an information processing engine communicatively coupled to the
computerized data collection wireless appliance. The information
processing engine digitally processes the collected computer-executable
information files into a plurality of processed information blocks. The
processing circuit includes a micro-content blocks creator for
generating the one or more contextual micro-content blocks from the
plurality of processed information blocks based on the output generated
by the context sensing engine.

The system further includes a micro-content communication component that
transmits the one or more contextual micro-content blocks relating to
the workflow task to the device associated with the user at a time when
the plurality of micro-tasks of the workflow task are about to start.
The system further includes a blockchain device that interacts with the
context sensing engine through a plurality of blockchain configured
distributed access points over a blockchain network.

The blockchain device may include a distributed trusted ledgers system
containing a plurality of distributed blockchain ledgers associated with
a plurality of computing terminals such that each ledger stores a copy
of a computer-executable file containing the context inputs and the one
or more contextual micro-content blocks associated with the workflow
task.

These and other aspects of the embodiments herein will be better
appreciated and understood when considered in conjunction with the
following description and the accompanying drawings. It should be
understood, however, that the following descriptions, while indicating
exemplary embodiments and numerous specific details thereof, are given
by way of illustration and not of limitation. Many changes and
modifications may be made within the scope of the embodiments herein
without departing from the spirit thereof, and the embodiments herein
include all such modifications.

### Claims (13)

What is claimed is:

1. A system for live digital streaming of one or more contextual
micro-content blocks in real-time for a workflow task to facilitate task
performance by a user, the system comprising:

<div style="padding-left:60px">

a context sensing engine that processes one or more context inputs
associated with the user and converts the one or more context inputs
into processed inputs, and generates an output based on the one or more
context inputs received from a front-end context monitoring appliance,
the front-end context monitoring appliance communicatively coupled to
the context sensing engine at a remote location and comprising:

a context sensor that detects a context of the task performance; and

a Global Positioning Service (GPS) device to detect geographical
coordinates of a device associated with the user;

a processing circuit comprising:

</div>

<div style="padding-left:70px">

a navigation engine that navigates through one or more digital
information sources accessible over a network and searches for
information that matches one or more parameters of relevance for the
workflow task;

a computerized data collection wireless appliance that extracts
computer-executable information files from the one or more digital
information sources that matches the one or more parameters of relevance
for the workflow task;

an information processing engine communicatively coupled to the
computerized data collection wireless appliance, wherein the information
processing engine digitally processes the extracted computer-executable
information files into a plurality of processed information blocks;

a micro-content blocks creator that generates the one or more contextual
micro-content blocks from the plurality of processed information blocks
based on the output generated by the context sensing engine; and

</div>

<div style="padding-left:60px">

a micro-content communication component to transmit the one or more
contextual micro-content blocks relating to the workflow task to the
device associated with the user at a time when the plurality of
micro-tasks of the workflow task are about to start.

</div>

<div style="padding-left:65px;color:grey">

2. The system of claim 1, further comprising an AI/ML (artificial
intelligence/machine learning) system remotely connected to the
front-end context monitoring appliance and communicatively coupled to
the context sensing engine, wherein the AI/ML system:

</div>

<div style="padding-left:150px;color:grey">

receives a signal from the context sensing engine containing the
processed context inputs and the output generated based on the context
inputs;

processes the context inputs to determine a contextual pattern for the
workflow task utilizing a plurality of intelligent and machine
learning-based tools; and

transmits a digital signal containing information pertinent to the
contextual pattern to the processor.

</div>

<div style="padding-left:65px;color:grey">

3. The system of claim 2, wherein the processing circuit comprises a
filtering circuit that filters the plurality of processed information
blocks based on the contextual pattern associated with the user and the
workflow task as indicative through the output generated by the context
sensing engine communicatively coupled to the processing circuit and the
AI/ML system.

4. The system of claim 1, wherein the one or more micro-content blocks
comprises at least one of a context-based micro-content block, a
location-based micro-content block, a role-based micro-content block,
and a skills-based micro-content block such that the one or more
contextual micro-content blocks matches to a plurality of micro-tasks of
the workflow task.

5. The system of claim 1, wherein the one or more contextual
micro-content blocks are time-stamped before transmission by the
micro-content communication component to the device associated with the
user for real-time delivery according to an occurrence of the plurality
of micro-tasks of the workflow task.

6. The system of claim 1, wherein the one or more parameters of
relevance are defined based on one or more of a plurality of digital
inputs stored in a memory device, the plurality of digital inputs
comprising a digital input indicative of nature of the workflow task, a
digital input indicative of specific micro-tasks associated with the
workflow task, a digital input indicative of location of execution or
performance of the workflow task, a digital input indicative of actor
performing the task, a digital input indicative of context of the
workflow task, a digital input indicative of skill-sets of the actor
performing the workflow task, and a digital input indicative of role of
the actor performing the workflow task.

7. The system of claim 1, wherein the GPS device retrieves real-time
tracking location coordinates associated with an event occurrence for
the plurality of micro-tasks of the workflow task.

8. The system of claim 7, wherein the GPS device comprises a
radio-navigation system.

9. The system of claim 1, wherein the front-end context monitoring
appliance comprises an agent device operatively coupled with the context
sensing engine.

10. The system of claim 9, wherein the agent device is operated by
deploying an installable agent, configured as a browser plugin, at the
device associated with the user.

11. The system of claim 1, further comprising a blockchain device that
interacts with the context sensing engine through a plurality of
blockchain configured distributed access points over a blockchain
network.

12. The system of claim 11, wherein the blockchain device comprises a
distributed trusted ledgers system containing a plurality of distributed
blockchain ledgers associated with a plurality of computing terminals
such that each ledger stores a copy of a computer-executable file
containing the context inputs and the one or more contextual
micro-content blocks associated with the workflow task.

13. The system of claim 11, wherein the blockchain device comprises a
blockchain database to store the collected computer-executable
information files from the one or more digital information sources and
the one or more contextual micro-content blocks.

</div>

### <span style="font-size:20px">BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS </span>

The embodiments herein will be better understood from the following
detailed description with reference to the drawings, in which:

<a href="./#fig1">
FIG. 1 illustrates an example of a computer architecture in which various embodiments herein may operate.
</a>
<br>
<br>
<a href="./#fig2">FIG. 2 illustrates a schematic diagram of an information management server in accordance with an embodiment herein;
</a>
<br>
<br>
<a href="./#fig3">FIG. 3 illustrates a front-end context monitoring appliance connected with a context sensing engine in accordance with an embodiment herein;
</a>
<br>
<br>
<a href="./#fig4">FIG. 4 illustrates a blockchain-configured ecosystem architecture containing one or more components of the system of FIG. 1 in accordance with an embodiment herein;
</a>
<br>
<br>
<a href="./#fig5">FIG. 5 is a block diagram illustrating a computer system used in accordance with the embodiments herein.
</a>

### <span style="font-size:20px">DETAILED DESCRIPTION </span>

The embodiments herein and the various features and advantageous details
thereof are explained more fully with reference to the non-limiting
embodiments that are illustrated in the accompanying drawings and
detailed in the following description. Descriptions of well-known
components are omitted so as to not unnecessarily obscure the
embodiments herein. The examples used herein are intended merely to
facilitate an understanding of ways in which the embodiments herein may
be practiced and to further enable those of skill in the art to practice
the embodiments herein. Accordingly, the examples should not be
construed as limiting the scope of the embodiments herein.

Referring now to the drawings, and more particularly to FIGS. 1 through
5, where similar reference characters denote corresponding features
consistently throughout the figures, there are shown preferred
embodiments. In the drawings, the size and relative sizes of components,
layers, and regions, etc. may be exaggerated for clarity.

FIG. 1 illustrates an example of a computer architecture in which
various embodiments herein may operate. The computer architecture may
include a system **102** for live digital streaming of one or more
contextual micro-content blocks in real-time for a workflow
task **114** to facilitate task performance by a user. The
system **102** may include an information management
server **104** configured for navigating through a plurality of
information sources **106** *a*, **106** *b*,
and **106** *c *(collectively referred to as information
sources **106**, for the purpose of description) distributed remotely
from one another and storing digital files executable by a computer
(such as the information management server **104**) in a plurality of
respective storage devices such as a storage device **108** *a*, a
storage device **108** *b*, and a storage
device **108** *c *collectively referred to as storage devices **108**,
for the purpose of description. An information source of the information
sources **106** may store its respective digital files in one or more
storage devices **108** that are associated with the respective
information source. The information sources **106** and the storage
devices **108** shown in FIG. 1 are for illustration purposes only,
otherwise the number of information sources **106** and the number of
storage systems **108** may be different. In some embodiments, there may
be large number of information sources **106** and storage
systems **108** and a different number of information
sources **106** compared with the storage systems **108**.

The information management server **104** may be connected to user
devices associated with a plurality of users. As an example, for the
purpose of describing an embodiment, the information management
server **104** is shown to be communicatively connected with one user
device **112** through a communication network **110**, such as the
Internet or an Intranet. The user may perform a workflow task at a
particular time and location such that the performance of the workflow
task (alternatively referred to as a "task" without limitations
herein) **114** occurs at a location remote from the location of the
information management server **104**. The user device **112** is
associated with the user and is also located remote from the information
management server **104**.

The workflow task **114** may involve a series of tasks called
micro-tasks such as a first task, a second task, a third task, and a
fourth task, etc. without limitations in number. Each of these
micro-tasks may be performed in a particular sequence at particular
locations and particular time slots. These micro-tasks may be
independent of one another, or totally or partially dependent on at
least some of the other micro-tasks.

The information management server **104** may be configured to monitor
and receive details pertinent to the workflow task **114** based on
certain inputs received from the user device **112** and/or based on
certain automated transfer of digital messages from the user
device **112** and its associated sensors and monitoring agents such as
a front-end context monitoring appliance **310** as shown in FIG. 3 and
described later. The information management server **104** may serve the
user device **112** one or more micro-content blocks **116** based on
the inputs received and/or the digital messages, which may be indicative
of the workflow task **114** along with associated respective
micro-tasks and the context of the user device **112**, user, and the
performance of the workflow task **114** (referred to as contextual
patterns).

The micro-content blocks **116** may be of a variety of types based on
the types of contextual patterns associated with the user
device **112** and the workflow task **114**. For example, the
micro-content blocks **116** may include at least one or more task
context-based micro-content blocks **118**, one or more role-based
micro-content blocks **120**, one or more skill-based micro-content
blocks **122**, and one or more location-based micro-content
blocks **124**. In an example, the various micro-content
blocks **116** may include information elements generated by mapping
onto each micro-task for relevancy, the role of the user interacting for
executing a specific micro-task for relevancy, and the level of
experience or skill sets of the user for a particular micro-task that is
contained within the workflow task **114** such that the one or more
contextual micro-content blocks **116** match to the plurality of
micro-tasks of the workflow task. Therefore, the various micro-content
blocks **116** provides a set of structured digital information blocks
that are relevant and related and deeply maps onto various micro-tasks
when looked in association with the skillets of the user, location of
the user, nature of micro-tasks and the overall workflow task **114**,
role of the user in various micro-tasks, and the like. The micro content
blocks **116** are further discussed below.

The illustrated information sources **106** may include online web
sources and databases connected over the Internet, an electronic medical
record (EHR), a medical information exchange (HIE), an image archiving
communication system storing images, other localized but accessible data
stores and the like without limitations. The information
sources **106** provide various types of digital information including
medical information to the information management server **104**. For
example, EHRs and web pages can each provide information such as medical
information, diagnostic information, radiographs, and the like.

FIG. 2, with reference to FIG. 1, illustrates a schematic diagram of the
information management server **104** in an embodiment. The information
management server **104** may include a processing circuit also referred
to as a processor **202** interchangeably and a context sensing
engine **204**. The processing circuit **202** may include a navigation
engine **206**, a computerized data collection wireless
appliance **208**, an information processing engine **210**, and a
micro-content blocks generator **212**. The processing
circuit **202** is configured to perform a variety of specialized
processing tasks including navigating for relevant information,
extracting the relevant information from the plurality of distributed
information sources **106**, and creating information elements called
micro-information blocks as will be discussed later for delivery to the
user device **112** in accordance with the execution or performance of
the specific micro tasks. The processing circuit **202** may be capable
of executing pre-programmed instructions for performing specialized
tasks associated with operation of the information management
server **104**. The various components of the processing
circuit **202** are discussed hereafter in the document.

The processor **202** receives a portion of the digital information that
the information management server **104** identifies as relevant and
performs specific tasks for processing such as but not limited to
indexing, semantic meta tagging, matching, relevancy checking, curating,
summarizing, indexing, organizing, processing, standardizing,
transforming into micro-content blocks etc.

The navigation engine **206** is configured to navigate through one or
more of the digital information sources **106** accessible over the
network **110** and search for the digital information that matches one
or more parameters of relevance for the workflow task **114**. The
navigation engine **206** may crawl through millions of web pages and
other localized repositories for searching relevant information. The one
or more parameters of relevance may be defined based on the nature and
context of the workflow task **114**, specific micro-tasks associated
with the workflow task **114**, location of execution or performance of
the workflow task **114**, actor performing the workflow task **114**,
context of the workflow task **114**, skill-sets of the person
performing the workflow task **114**, role of the person performing the
workflow task **114**, and the like, each indicated through a respective
digital input. These parameters may together be indicative of a
contextual pattern for the workflow task **114**. An AI/ML (artificial
intelligence/machine learning) system **214** may utilize the various
parameters of relevance associated with the workflow task **114** and
create a unified score for determining the contextual pattern associated
with the workflow task **114**. The AI/ML system **214** is
communicatively coupled to the context sensing engine **204** and the
processor **202**.

The contextual pattern may be determined based on one or more context
inputs received and processed by the context sensing engine **204** as
monitored by the front-end context monitoring appliance **310** (shown
in FIG. 3). The context sensing engine **204** may be configured to
process the one or more context inputs associated with the workflow
task **114** (including associated user and systems) and generate an
output signal based on the one or more context inputs. The context
sensing engine **204** may include or be coupled to a receiving
circuit **234** to receive the one or more context inputs including any
manually provided user inputs indicative of the user behaviour etc. The
context sensing engine **204** may utilize the context inputs obtained
from signals received from the front-end context monitoring
appliance **310** (of FIG. 3) indicative of the context in which the
workflow task **114** is being performed.

As illustrated in FIG. 3, with reference to FIGS. 1 and 2, the front-end
context monitoring appliance **310** may include a context
sensor **302** to detect a context of the task performance, and a GPS
device **304** to detect geographical coordinates of a user
device **306** associated with the user.

The Global Positioning Service (GPS) device **304** of the front-end
context monitoring appliance **310** may help in real-time tracking of
location coordinates associated with various event occurrences or
performance of the workflow task **114** or respective micro-tasks by
collecting their location details. Real-time tracking may offer
different challenges in the tracking of the event occurrences or tasks
depending on the complexity of the event occurrences when it is
performed manually and takes time, resources and manpower. Location data
may be collected in most cases by the GPS device **304** using, for
example, a radio-navigation system; though in some other specific cases
different location technologies can be used. For example, in an
ambulance service of a hospital, the GPS device **304** may help in
real-time tracking of a patient being transferred, journey reports, stop
reports, alerts, and scheduled reports for future and associated tasks
performed by different participants.

The front-end context monitoring appliance **310** may include an agent
device **312** that may be coupled communicatively and operatively with
the information management server **104**. Similar agent devices may be
coupled with or deployed at other devices too that may be connected with
the information management server **104**. The agent device **312** may
be operated by deploying an installable agent **314** at the user
device **306**. In an example, the installable agent **314** may be
defined in the form of a browser plugin installed by a user on the user
device **306**.

The processor **202** and the context sensing engine **204** are
communicatively connected with the AI/ML system **214** in an
embodiment. In an embodiment, the AI/ML system **214** may be an
integral part of the processor **202** or the context sensing
engine **204**. In accordance with an embodiment, the AI/ML
system **214** may receive a signal from the context sensing
engine **204** containing the processed context inputs. The AI/ML
system **214** may process the context inputs to determine a contextual
pattern for the workflow task **114** utilizing a plurality of
intelligent and machine learning-based tools. The AI/ML
system **214** may include an automatic control system **218**, an
artificial intelligence machine **220**, and machine learning
tools **222**. These components are discussed below.

In an example, the AI/ML system **214** may allow decision-making and
determining the contextual pattern of the workflow task **114** based on
real-time evidence as generated by the context sensing
engine **204** utilizing and processing the context inputs received from
the front-end context monitoring appliance **310**. The real-time
evidence may be generated based on the context inputs monitored by the
context sensor **302**, GPS device **304**, and other devices. The
context inputs allow the AI/ML system **214** to perform complex
decision-making tasks to determine the contextual pattern associated
with the workflow task **114**. The AI/ML system **214** may perform
simple and tactical tasks smartly in the absence of humans with the use
of the artificial intelligence machine **220** and the machine learning
tools **222** because the computer-executable context inputs are
trustworthy and are obtained through direct environments associated with
the user, user device **306**, and the workflow task scenario. The AI/ML
system **214** may generate the contextual pattern using certain
predefined computer-executable rules that may be defined either by human
manually or generated by the network **110** and/or based on learning by
the AI/ML system **214** based on past transactions and operations over
time. The contextual pattern may be indicative of the actual situation
in which the workflow task **114** and its associated user may behave
while performing the workflow task **114** or the challenges that may
come across in task execution or the learning and training that the user
may require for performing the workflow task **114** or respective
micro-tasks effectively. Accordingly, appropriate steps may be taken by
the processor **202** for ensuring necessary support is provided to the
user or the user device **306** at the right time.

In an example, the AI/ML system **214** may perform an automated
analysis of the context inputs to determine the contextual pattern. The
AI/ML system **214** may generate AI/ML-based predictions of future
expected behavior and learning requirements by the user using the
artificial intelligence machine **220** and the machine learning
tools **222** to timely guide at appropriate time in advance when
certain information is required by the user. The artificial intelligence
machine **220** is configured to generate an output (such as the
contextual pattern) smartly using a set of inputs such as the context
inputs so that the generated output address requirements of the user for
executing a task more precisely and accurately in a real-time scenario.
In the process, the artificial intelligence machine **220** utilizes the
machine learning tools **222**. The machine learning tools **222** are
configured to train the artificial intelligence machine **220** how to
learn over time with more repeat requests for the micro content blocks
by different users in different contexts performing different types of
tasks. The machine learning tools **222** are given access to data and
allowed to learn on its own based on historical records and processing
etc.

In an example, the AI/ML system **214** may carry out a predetermined
inference on the basis of the aggregated context inputs, and take action
in accordance with certain inference results generated as a result of
the analysis by the AI/ML system **214**. The automatic control
system **218** may be provided and adapted for a target action to be
taken by the artificial intelligence machine **220** of the AI/ML
system **214** on the basis of the aggregated context inputs and the
inference results and generate a control output for taking a target
action such as generating the micro-content blocks **116** as will be
discussed later. In an example, the AI/ML system **214** may be adapted
to drive the artificial intelligence machine **220** on the basis of the
inference results and the control output for past events stored in a
memory circuit **224**.

The AI/ML system **214** may generate the contextual pattern and
transmit a digital signal **203** containing information pertinent to
the contextual pattern to the processor **202**. The
processor **202** may perform a set of processing tasks as described
herein.

As discussed above, the pages and other data repositories are crawled by
the navigation engine **206** to identify the relevant information in
view of the workflow task **114** based on the one or more parameters of
relevance. The processor **202** includes the computerized data
collection wireless appliance **208** that is configured to extract
computer-executable information files from the one or more digital
information sources **106** that matches the one or more parameters of
relevance for the workflow task **114** as identified and crawled by the
navigation engine **206**.

The computerized data collection wireless appliance **208** may perform
certain data collection tasks digitally to extract computer-executable
information files from the one or more digital information
sources **106** that matches the one or more parameters of relevance for
the workflow task **114**. In the example described herein, the
computerized data collection wireless appliance **208** may be permitted
to generate and/or collect data from the information
sources **106** that are connected to the network **110** and permitted
to be accessed by the processor **202** or associated entity such as an
organization. The network **110** may be a wireless or a physical
network configured to operate as a peer network in some embodiments or a
global internetwork.

The data collection wireless appliance **208** or the
processor **202** may be coupled communicatively with a local data
reservoir **226** such that data collection wireless
appliance **208** may be configured to collect, store, and digitally
manage data in the local data reservoir **226** that is extracted or
collected from the information sources **106** in context of the
workflow task **114** that may be a computer-executable task in some
embodiments.

The information processing engine **210** that is communicatively
coupled to the computerized data collection wireless
appliance **208** is configured to digitally process the collected
computer-executable information files into a plurality of processed
information blocks. The process of transformation of the collected
computer-executable information files into the processed information
blocks may involve a series of steps such as including, without
limitations, meta tagging of the information files, summarizing the
information files, curation, high level relevancy analysis for the
workflow task **114**, through an automated process with or without
utilizing one or more operations by the AI/ML system **214**, and the
like.

The micro-content blocks creator **212** of the processor **202** is
configured to generate the one or more contextual micro-content
blocks **116** from the plurality of processed information blocks based
on the output generated by the context sensing engine **204** and/or the
AI/ML system **214** indicative of the one or more contextual patterns
derived from the context inputs received in real-time or in advance from
the workflow task **114** scenarios, associated user, and the associated
user device **306**. The processing circuit **202** may further include
a filtering circuit **232** configured to filter the plurality of
processed information blocks based on the one or more contextual
patterns and the processed content inputs associated with the user as
indicative through the output generated by the context sensing
engine **204** and/or the AI/ML system **214** communicatively coupled
to the processing circuit **202**. This may allow more accurate and
relevant information to be used for generating the micro-content
blocks **116**.

The filtering circuit **232** removes redundant or unwanted information
from an information stream (such as the processed information blocks)
using automated or computerized methods prior to presentation to the
user in the form of the micro content blocks. The filtering
circuit **232** manages the information overload and increment of the
semantic signal-to-noise ratio. The filtering circuit **232** compares
the processed information blocks with certain reference characteristics
such as the contextual pattern to determine what is noise versus what is
important for a particular workflow task or a series of micro tasks.

The one or more micro-content blocks **116** may include context-based
micro-content blocks that are generated in view of the nature of the
workflow task **114** and the situation in which the workflow
task **114** is being executed and the various micro-tasks associated
with the workflow task **114** and the nature of each micro-task
thereof. The one or more micro-content blocks **116** may include the
location-based micro-content block **124** that is generated in view of
the location of actual execution of the workflow task **114**. The one
or more micro-content blocks **116** may include the role-based
micro-content block **120** that is generated in view of the role of the
user in performance of the workflow task **114**. The one or more
micro-content blocks may include the skills-based micro-content
block **122** that is generated in view of the skill-sets of the user.
Many additional types of micro-content blocks **116** may be generated
without limitations.

In an example, the various micro-content blocks **116** may include
information elements extracted from the processed information blocks by
mapping onto each micro-task for relevancy, role of the user interacting
for executing a specific micro-task for relevancy, level of experience
or skill sets of the user for a particular micro-task that is contained
within the workflow task **114** such that the one or more contextual
micro-content blocks **116** match to the plurality of micro-tasks of
the workflow task. Therefore, the various micro-content
blocks **116** provides a set of structured digital information blocks
that are relevant and related and deeply maps onto various micro-tasks
when looked in association with the skillets of the user, location of
the user, nature of micro-tasks and the overall workflow task **114**,
role of the user in various micro-tasks, and the like. This may permit
providing relevant information to the user when a particular task such
as the workflow task **114** is performed such that even if the user is
not very familiar with how to perform the workflow task **114**, the
user device **306** may be permitted to receive necessary inputs from
the processor **202** in terms of the micro-content blocks **116** that
guides the user about the task execution not only at a broad level but
at specific micro steps or micro-tasks levels.

Each micro step or micro-task may be of a few seconds or minutes
duration or may be longer. The duration of a micro-task may depend on
the level of guidance it needs as a standalone step independent of other
steps or micro-tasks. The workflow task **114** may be broken into the
micro-tasks based on the level of guidance a portion of the entire
workflow task **114** may require for the user to effectively execute
it. For example, a task may involve a series of five steps such that the
first step involves understanding a particular function in order to
start a medical device, while the remaining four steps are merely to
monitor the different values generated by the device. In an example, the
task may be broken into two micro-tasks: a first micro-task involving
the first step, and a second micro-task involving the remaining four
steps. In an embodiment, each step may be defined by a separate
micro-task or more than one micro-task. The procedure of determining the
various micro-tasks based on the workflow task **114** is performed by a
task manager **228**.

The task manager **228** may be configured to manage various tasks such
as delivery of the micro content blocks in accordance with schedule of
the workflow task **114**. The task manager **228** is communicatively
coupled to the processing circuit **202**. The task manager **228** may
schedule the delivery of the micro-content blocks **116** according to
schedule of the tasks and the associated micro-tasks and accordingly tie
different tasks on a time series and identifies timelines associated
with the delivery of the micro-content blocks **116** for the different
tasks.

The task manager **228** examines the status of the micro-tasks on the
time series and generates an automated output indicative of the task\'s
status and respective micro-content blocks delivery. The task
manager **228** may automatically notify to the user about status of the
micro-content blocks delivery for the tasks as soon as they are
delivered and/or their tasks are complete or if the delivery is pending
after due time. The task manager **228** may, in general, organize
scheduling of the tasks as they are to occur and accordingly connect
with other systems and components for allowing the delivery of the
micro-content blocks **116** without any delay and/or conflict.

In an embodiment, the task manager **228** may serve as a command center
and can track activities of the users such as who is reading, who is
learning, and who is spending what time on what content as indicated
through tracking of the time spent by the users on the different
micro-content blocks **116** delivered to them. Accordingly, intelligent
recommendations may be sent to the users based on their education habits
and those items that are more useful to their activities and tasks.

The micro-content blocks **116** that match and are related precisely to
specific micro-tasks associated with the workflow task **114** are
communicated by the processor **202** to the user device **306**. The
micro-content communication component **230** of the
processor **202** transmits the one or more contextual micro-content
blocks relating to the specific micro-tasks of the workflow
task **114** to the user device **306** associated with the user at a
time when the workflow task **114** or a micro-task is about to occur.
The one or more contextual micro-content blocks **116** may be
time-stamped before transmission to the user device **306** associated
with the user for real-time delivery according to the occurrence of the
plurality of micro-tasks.

In various examples, the information sources **106** may be hosted by
applications such as websites or electronic applications or mobile
applications or computing machines associated with third-party companies
or third-party vendors (or merely third parties for simplicity of
description). The information blocks obtained from the information
sources **106** may be transformed into the micro-content
blocks **116** based on context data analysis, application data
analysis, user data analysis, AI/ML by the information management
server **104** so as to generate necessary information presentable on a
user screen in the form of the micro-content blocks **116** by the
information management server **104**.

The recorded or monitored context sensitive, application sensitive, or
user sensitive information (together referred to as contextual data or
information or context sensitive data or information or contextually
sensitive data or information) by the front-end context monitoring
appliance **310** may be supplied to the information management
server **104** for further processing of the information and generating
and delivering the micro-content blocks **116** to the user
device **306** as discussed above. The contextual data monitored by the
front-end context monitoring appliance **310** may change with time and
may also be different for different tasks.

In some embodiments, the computerized data collection wireless
appliance **208** may be configured to perform certain data collection
tasks within the network **110** digitally. In an example, the
computerized data collection wireless appliance **208** may be permitted
to generate and/or collect data from various devices such as medical
devices, web pages, local data repositories, etc. together referred to
as the information sources **106** that operate within the
network **110**. The computerized data collection wireless
appliance **208** may be configured to collect, store, and digitally
manage data at the information management server level that is extracted
or collected from the information sources **106**.

The network **110** may broadly represent one or more LANs, WANs,
cellular networks (e.g., LTE, HSPA, 3G, and other cellular technologies,
etc.), global internet, and/or networks using any of wired, wireless,
terrestrial microwave, or satellite links, and may include the public
Internet.

In FIG. 2, a network layer **236** may be provided that may use a push
gateway system **238** and/or a pull gateway system **240** to collect
the data from the information sources **106**. In the pull gateway
system **240**, the network layer **236** may be permitted to send or
ask queries to the information sources **106**. In response to the
queries, a computer-executable file containing information may be pulled
in by the network layer **236** from the information sources **106**. In
the push gateway system **238**, the network layer **236** may monitor
various data elements at the information sources **106** and the
information sources **106** may push relevant data in the form of the
computer-executable files into the network layer **236** to get
transferred to a central database or a local data reservoir **226**.

The data collected from the information sources **106** may be stored in
the local data reservoir **226** either for a small period of time just
before it gets processed by the processor **202** or for a longer time
such as a retention period as necessary.

The devices or machines that may generate the digital data extracted by
the computerized data collection wireless appliance **208** or its
components (exporters) thereof may include such as medical devices,
FHIR-capable systems (EHRs), HL7-capable systems (EHRs or electronic
health record systems), Non-HL7/FHIR EHRs, etc., source databases,
safety/error reporting systems, global web pages, social media posts,
local data repositories and the like.

FIG. 4, with reference to FIGS. 1 through 3, illustrates an exemplary
blockchain-configured ecosystem architecture **400** containing one or
more components of the system **102** and also contain additional
components so as to allow integrity of transactions and the digital data
(including the information blocks and the micro-content blocks)
shared/processed during the transfer or storage as discussed above in
the document. The blockchain-configured ecosystem
architecture **400** may provide a crowdsourced integrity network for
storing the data accessed or extracted or transformed for sharing or
storing across the network **110** instead of locally stored information
by different participants or databases that may be tampered with.

The ecosystem architecture **400** may be blockchain-configured
involving various blockchain devices. For example, the information
management server **104** may interact with a blockchain
device **402** through a plurality of blockchain configured distributed
access points **404**. A network that facilitates interaction across all
components may be a blockchain integrity network. The blockchain network
may build trust among the various participants or entities or systems or
components thereof and their associated computing terminals or devices
even if the devices/terminals or machines etc. may not "know" one
another. The blockchain network may allow connections and transactions
and recording and sharing of the data, information blocks, micro-content
blocks, and various codes/token generated during an entire transaction
including service tokens and authorization tokens in a trusted mode. A
record of transactions and sharing and data from various
terminals/devices stored on the blockchain in the form of
computer-executable distributed ledgers **406** may provide proof to
command the necessary trust among the terminals/devices (such as those
associated with various participants/nodes etc. without limitations) to
cooperate through a peer-to-peer or peer-to-client distributed digital
ledger technology system. The ecosystem architecture **400** may include
a distributed trusted ledgers system **414** containing the distributed
blockchain ledgers **406** associated with a plurality of computing
terminals and devices such that each ledger stores a copy of
computer-executable files **416** containing the context inputs, context
patterns, micro-content blocks, information blocks, information
extracted from the information sources **106**, and various other
details corresponding to the tasks such as the workflow task **114** and
the trust notes for defining security and trust among the computing
terminals and devices across the network so that each computing terminal
trusts the other computing terminal through the blockchain. The
distributed ledgers system **414** enables coding of rules-based
contracts that execute when specified conditions are met. The
distributed ledgers **406** make it easier to create cost-efficient
networks where any device or any evidence associated with a task
execution or transaction may be tracked, without requiring a central
point of control.

The various computing terminals or devices in the network serve as
distributed peer-to-peer nodes and connections. The information
management server **104** and its components thereof may be configured
to perform the task of processing the context inputs and the information
blocks further through the blockchain network based on the rules as
defined and discussed herein. Each terminal/device/node in the ecosystem
architecture **400**, etc. may receive a copy of the blockchain which
may get downloaded automatically upon joining the blockchain integrity
network. Every permissioned node or the device in the network is an
administrator of the blockchain, and may join the network voluntarily so
that the network is decentralized.

The blockchain may eliminate the risks that come with data being held
centrally by storing data across the network which may include the
computer-executable files **416** containing the information blocks,
context inputs, context patterns, etc. and/or the various tokens/codes
including transaction codes. The blockchain security use encryption
technology and validation mechanisms for security and integrity
verification. The security may be enabled through public and private
keys. A public key may define a user\'s address on the blockchain. The
private key may give its owner an access to various digital assets in
the network.

In an embodiment, the distributed ledgers **406** may enable coding of
smart contracts (with the use of such as smart contract systems) that
will execute when specified conditions are met. These smart contracts
may protect various information pieces associated with the service
deliveries and other transactions and data processing/storage and
eliminate the risk of files copying and redistribution without
protecting privacy rights.

The blockchain-configured ecosystem architecture **400** may provide a
private view for the various devices and the entities operating in the
network through the private data store **418** so that each permissioned
device such as the information management server **104** may privately
access the computer-executable files **416** associated with a task
based on various policies such as based on their respective identities.
The information management server **104** may access the
computer-executable files **416** through the dedicated private data
store **418** available through the plurality of distributed
blockchain-configured access points **404**, which may be enabled in the
form of distributed blocks as shown in FIG. 4, with each block providing
the ability to access the features of the blockchain-configured
ecosystem architecture **400** by different terminals and devices at the
same time based on defined and granted access rights.

The private data store **418** may provide a virtual storage to
facilitate interaction, information exchange, reviewing, and
presentation of the computer-executable files **416**. For example, the
private data store **418** may allow a virtual storage and presentation
of only limited executable files or portions of the executable files for
access by particular entities or participants in accordance with
permissions granted for reviewing. The private data store **418** may be
configured to auto-hash review interactions at any required interval.
This compartmentalization of the computer-executable
files **416** ensures that the computer-executable files **416** are
secured and private as per access rights authorized to the nodes. The
data presented on the private data store **418** of the blockchain
serves as a secure way to ensure that the private data store **418** is
in sync with any permissioned access.

In an embodiment, the blockchain-configured digital ecosystem
architecture **400** may provide a federated blockchain comprising of
several entities/participants (including the user) and their associated
computers and devices (such as the user device **306**) and sensors that
jointly interact to process transfers of data through a trusted, secured
and distributed network of the blockchain-configured access
points **404**.

The various components described herein and/or illustrated in the
figures may be embodied as hardware-enabled modules and may be a
plurality of overlapping or independent electronic circuits, devices,
and discrete elements packaged onto a circuit board to provide data and
signal processing functionality within a computer. An example might be a
comparator, inverter, or flip-flop, which could include a plurality of
transistors and other supporting devices and circuit elements. The
modules that include electronic circuits process computer logic
instructions capable of providing digital and/or analog signals for
performing various functions as described herein. The various functions
can further be embodied and physically saved as any of data structures,
data paths, data objects, data object models, object files, database
components. For example, the data objects could include a digital packet
of structured data. Example data structures may include any of an array,
tuple, map, union, variant, set, graph, tree, node, and an object, which
may be stored and retrieved by computer memory and may be managed by
processors, compilers, and other computer hardware components. The data
paths can be part of a computer CPU that performs operations and
calculations as instructed by the computer logic instructions. The data
paths could include digital electronic circuits, multipliers, registers,
and buses capable of performing data processing operations and
arithmetic operations (e.g., Add, Subtract, etc.), bitwise logical
operations (AND, OR, XOR, etc.), bit shift operations (e.g., arithmetic,
logical, rotate, etc.), complex operations (e.g., using single clock
calculations, sequential calculations, iterative calculations, etc.).
The data objects may be physical locations in computer memory and can be
a variable, a data structure, or a function. Some examples of the
modules include relational databases (e.g., such as Oracle® relational
databases), and the data objects can be a table or column, for example.
Other examples include specialized objects, distributed objects,
object-oriented programming objects, and semantic web objects. The data
object models can be an application programming interface for creating
HyperText Markup Language (HTML) and Extensible Markup Language (XML)
electronic documents. The models can be any of a tree, graph, container,
list, map, queue, set, stack, and variations thereof, according to some
examples. The data object files can be created by compilers and
assemblers and contain generated binary code and data for a source file.
The database components can include any of tables, indexes, views,
stored procedures, and triggers.

In an example, the embodiments herein can provide a computer program
product configured to include a pre-configured set of instructions,
which when performed, can result in actions as stated in conjunction
with various figures herein. In an example, the pre-configured set of
instructions can be stored on a tangible non-transitory computer
readable medium. In an example, the tangible non-transitory computer
readable medium can be configured to include the set of instructions,
which when performed by a device, can cause the device to perform acts
similar to the ones described here.

The embodiments herein may also include tangible and/or non-transitory
computer-readable storage media for carrying or having
computer-executable instructions or data structures stored thereon. Such
non-transitory computer readable storage media can be any available
media that can be accessed by a general purpose or special purpose
computer, including the functional design of any special purpose
processor as discussed above. By way of example, and not limitation,
such non-transitory computer-readable media can include RAM, ROM,
EEPROM, CD-ROM or other optical disk storage, magnetic disk storage or
other magnetic storage devices, or any other medium which can be used to
carry or store desired program code means in the form of
computer-executable instructions, data structures, or processor chip
design. When information is transferred or provided over a network or
another communications connection (either hardwired, wireless, or
combination thereof) to a computer, the computer properly views the
connection as a computer-readable medium. Thus, any such connection is
properly termed a computer-readable medium. Combinations of the above
should also be included within the scope of the computer-readable media.

Computer-executable instructions include, for example, instructions and
data which cause a special purpose computer or special purpose
processing device to perform a certain function or group of functions.
Computer-executable instructions also include program modules that are
executed by computers in stand-alone or network environments. Generally,
program modules include routines, programs, components, data structures,
objects, and the functions inherent in the design of special-purpose
processors, etc. that perform particular tasks or implement particular
abstract data types. Computer-executable instructions, associated data
structures, and program modules represent examples of the program code
means for executing steps of the methods disclosed herein. The
particular sequence of such executable instructions or associated data
structures represents examples of corresponding acts for implementing
the functions described in such steps.

The techniques provided by the embodiments herein may be implemented on
an integrated circuit chip (not shown). The chip design is created in a
graphical computer programming language, and stored in a computer
storage medium (such as a disk, tape, physical hard drive, or virtual
hard drive such as in a storage access network. If the designer does not
fabricate chips or the photolithographic masks used to fabricate chips,
the designer transmits the resulting design by physical means (e.g., by
providing a copy of the storage medium storing the design) or
electronically (e.g., through the Internet) to such entities, directly
or indirectly. The stored design is then converted into the appropriate
format (e.g., GDSII) for the fabrication of photolithographic masks,
which typically include multiple copies of the chip design in question
that are to be formed on a wafer. The photolithographic masks are
utilized to define areas of the wafer (and/or the layers thereon) to be
etched or otherwise processed.

The resulting integrated circuit chips can be distributed by the
fabricator in raw wafer form (that is, as a single wafer that has
multiple unpackaged chips), as a bare die, or in a packaged form. In the
latter case the chip is mounted in a single chip package (such as a
plastic carrier, with leads that are affixed to a motherboard or other
higher level carrier) or in a multichip package (such as a ceramic
carrier that has either or both surface interconnections or buried
interconnections). In any case the chip is then integrated with other
chips, discrete circuit elements, and/or other signal processing devices
as part of either (a) an intermediate product, such as a motherboard, or
(b) an end product. The end product can be any product that includes
integrated circuit chips, ranging from toys and other low-end
applications to advanced computer products having a display, a keyboard
or other input device, and a central processor.

Furthermore, the embodiments herein can take the form of a computer
program product accessible from a computer-usable or computer-readable
medium providing program code for use by or in connection with a
computer or any instruction execution system. For the purposes of this
description, a computer-usable or computer readable medium can be any
apparatus that can comprise, store, communicate, propagate, or transport
the program for use by or in connection with the instruction execution
system, apparatus, or device.

The medium can be an electronic, magnetic, optical, electromagnetic,
infrared, or semiconductor system (or apparatus or device) or a
propagation medium. Examples of a computer-readable medium include a
semiconductor or solid-state memory, magnetic tape, a removable computer
diskette, a random access memory (RAM), a read-only memory (ROM), a
rigid magnetic disk and an optical disk. Current examples of optical
disks include compact disk-read only memory (CD-ROM), compact
disk-read/write (CD-R/W) and DVD.

A data processing system suitable for storing and/or executing program
code will include at least one processor coupled directly or indirectly
to memory elements through a system bus. The memory elements can include
local memory employed during actual execution of the program code, bulk
storage, and cache memories which provide temporary storage of at least
some program code in order to reduce the number of times code must be
retrieved from bulk storage during execution.

Input/output (I/O) devices (including but not limited to keyboards,
displays, pointing devices, etc.) can be coupled to the system either
directly or through intervening I/O controllers. Network adapters may
also be coupled to the system to enable the data processing system to
become coupled to other data processing systems or remote printers or
storage devices through intervening private or public networks. Modems,
cable modem and Ethernet cards are just a few of the currently available
types of network adapters.

A representative hardware environment for practicing the embodiments
herein is depicted in FIG. 5, with reference to FIGS. 1 through 4. This
schematic drawing illustrates a hardware configuration of an information
handling/computer system **500** in accordance with the embodiments
herein. The system **500** comprises at least one processor or central
processing unit (CPU) **10**. The CPUs **10** are interconnected via
system bus **12** to various devices such as a random access memory
(RAM) **14**, read-only memory (ROM) **16**, and an input/output (I/O)
adapter **18**. The I/O adapter **18** can connect to peripheral
devices, such as disk units **11** and tape drives **13**, or other
program storage devices that are readable by the system. The
system **500** can read the inventive instructions on the program
storage devices and follow these instructions to execute the methodology
of the embodiments herein. The system **500** further includes a user
interface adapter **19** that connects a keyboard **15**, mouse **17**,
speaker **24**, microphone **22**, and/or other user interface devices
such as a touch screen device (not shown) to the bus **12** to gather
user input. Additionally, a communication adapter **20** connects the
bus **12** to a data processing network, and a display
adapter **21** connects the bus **12** to a display device **23** which
may be embodied as an output device such as a monitor, printer, or
transmitter, for example. Further, a transceiver **26**, a signal
comparator **27**, and a signal converter **28** may be connected with
the bus **12** for processing, transmission, receipt, comparison, and
conversion of electric or electronic signals.

The foregoing description of the specific embodiments will so fully
reveal the general nature of the embodiments herein that others can, by
applying current knowledge, readily modify and/or adapt for various
applications such specific embodiments without departing from the
generic concept, and, therefore, such adaptations and modifications
should and are intended to be comprehended within the meaning and range
of equivalents of the disclosed embodiments. It is to be understood that
the phraseology or terminology employed herein is for the purpose of
description and not of limitation. Therefore, while the embodiments
herein have been described in terms of preferred embodiments, those
skilled in the art will recognize that the embodiments herein can be
practiced with modification within the spirit and scope of the appended
claims.
