---
title: Direct Blockchain System for Devices on a Social Trust Network
uspto-canonical-id-label: Patent
uspto-patent-number: US10490304B2
inventor: Shah N. Shahid
owner-current-assignee: Netspective Communications LLC
patent-owners-rights: 
territorial-scope: US
uspto-patent-family-members-publication-numbers:
application-date: 
issue-date: 
expiry-date: 
patent-status: Active
url: "/ip/direct-blockchain-system-for-devices-on-a-social-trust-network"
uspto-patent-pdf:
uspto-patent-url:
thumbnail: 
uspto-patent-citation-label: 
forward-citations: 
backward-citations:
abstract-of-the-invention-label: 
abstract-of-the-invention: 
problem-solved-by-the-invention:
topics: 
images:
image: "/images/no-image.jpg"
external-links:
downloadable-documents: 
  - anchor_text: Download PDF
    link_url: 
  - anchor_text: Download Claim Summaries
    link_url: 
---
Blockchain technology, with its inherent security and decentralization
features, has dramatically evolved beyond its initial application in
cryptocurrencies. As various sectors explore the potential applications
of this technology, healthcare stands out as a prominent sector that can
benefit immensely from the security and disintermediation advantages of
blockchain systems.

## Existing Challenges in Medical Data Storage and Management

The healthcare sector, inclusive of hospitals, caretakers, nursing
centers, medical offices, and other such entities, has been dealing with
the extensive task of maintaining medical and demographic records. Such
records are not mere aggregations of data; they carry critical
information like diagnostic reports, medical history, device-generated
insights, and prescriptions. The data collation often relies on
centralized systems like Electronic Health Record Data Banks (EHRDB).
These banks allow entities to store and retrieve patient data
electronically.

However, several challenges emerge with such a centralized approach:

**Centralized Vulnerabilities**: The concentration of data in a single
system makes it susceptible to cyber-attacks and breaches.

**Limitation in Simultaneous Interaction**: With the growing demand for
telemedicine and real-time data access, a single EHRDB can become a
bottleneck, limiting simultaneous interactions.

**Dependency on Human Intermediaries**: The reliance on human
intermediaries for data retrieval and updates can introduce errors,
delays, and inefficiencies.

## A Blockchain-driven Solution

The proposed system addresses these challenges by leveraging a
blockchain-configured device-driven disintermediated distributed
framework.

### Decentralization and Security

By distributing data records across a network, the inherent risk
associated with centralized databases is mitigated. Every entity, along
with their devices and sensors, contributes to this decentralized data
bank, ensuring enhanced security and reduced single-point
vulnerabilities.

### Rules and Authorization:

Entities interact with the data bank based on set rules and preferences.
These interactions are only authorized by the blockchain system,
ensuring a standardized and secure access protocol.

### Efficient Data Processing

The inclusion of a processing component within the blockchain data bank
ensures that data records from various entities can be efficiently
processed and managed over the communication network.

### Advanced Validation Techniques 

The system introduces novel validation devices leveraging facial
expression-based techniques and geo-tagging. These validation methods
further solidify the system\'s robustness, adding layers of security and
authentication that go beyond traditional password-based systems.

### Real-time Multi-faceted Communication

With the blockchain framework, multiple entities can interact with the
EHRDB simultaneously. The disintermediated nature of the blockchain
ensures smooth interaction without any delays or inefficiencies from
human intervention.

## Embracing the Power of Blockchain in Data Integrity and Social Interaction

### Decentralized Digital Interaction

In the continuously advancing space of digital informatics, the patented
technological framework introduces a sophisticated blockchain validation
mechanism, strategically positioned at the intersection of decentralized
data informatics and optimized communicative interfaces. It harnesses
the multifaceted potential of blockchain to process, validate, and share
data across a multitude of computing systems.

### Redefining Data Management with Social Integrity

Through the lens of a social integrity network, this technology ensures
a seamless confluence of various data sources including sensors,
wearable devices, scanners, and socially-aware networks. Each of these
entities provides invaluable data records, creating a holistic reservoir
of information, centrally hosted in a blockchain-configured data bank
(BCDB).

### A New Age of Social Interaction

What makes this technology stand apart is its unique approach to
fostering social interactions. The blockchain-configured component,
while interlinked with the BCDB, offers a platform for entities to
engage in interactions, bypassing the central data bank. This not only
elevates user experience but also ensures data efficiency and rapidity
in communication.

### Proxy-Based Data Virtualization

Incorporated within the system are blockchain-configured social
federation proxies that act as conduits. Their primary role is to
extract data records from the BCDB and present them to various
socially-aware networks and computing systems. They function on a
virtualization layer, ensuring that the entities have an indirect, yet
swift access to the BCDB. This decentralization and distribution of
data, grounded in a blockchain framework, paves the way for an adaptable
and scalable digital ecosystem.

### The Pinnacle of Blockchain Validation

At the core of this technology is the blockchain validation device.
Designed to receive digital inputs from the BCDB, it meticulously
identifies access rules and brings to life an advanced validation
mechanism. Whether it\'s facial recognition sensors ensuring identity
verification or geo-tagging devices attributing geographical identities
to data records, the system promises robust security, authenticity, and
user-specific accessibility.

### Dynamics of Data Sharing and Real-time Management

The true brilliance of this patented technology is its nimble approach
to data sharing. It\'s not just about granting access; it\'s about
nuanced data management. Whether it's deciding the extent of data
sharing, understanding the nature of the recipient, determining the
purpose, or even setting a timeframe, the BCDB and the social federation
proxies ensure that the data owner remains in the driving seat. In
real-time, they can ascertain who has accessed the data, make
adjustments in sharing permissions, or even halt access. This granular
control is a testament to the system\'s commitment to data sovereignty
and user-centricity.

In essence, this patented technology has revolutionized the realm of
data management, making it more secure, adaptable, and user-focused, all
while optimizing the power and potential of blockchain.